---
ID: 649
post_title: >
  Guilford Elementary to Partner with
  Omega Psi Phi Fraternity
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2012-12-10 00:00:12
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2012/12/2012-093/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-093
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
A partnership between the Tau Pi Chapter of the Omega Psi Fraternity and Guilford Elementary helps students build academic and social skills and develop personal responsibility. The partnership agreement will be formalized with an official signing on Tuesday, December 11 at the Sheraton Columbia Waterside Restaurant at 10207 Wincopin Circle in Columbia.

Under the terms of the partnership agreement, the fraternity will work with school staff to offer mentoring programs and activities that promote academic excellence, motivation, self-control, social skills and self-esteem. Partnership programs will include an after-school program for third, fourth and fifth grade students where fraternity members help students review homework, encourage positive behavior, explore career opportunities and sponsor other activities that support academic achievement.

At 8:30 a.m., James H. Kerr, Jr., Basileus, Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Tau Pi Chapter, Inc. will join Ellen Flynn Giles, member of the Howard County BOE; Genée Varlack, principal at Guilford Elementary School; Diane Martin, Director Student Family and Community Services, and others to sign the formal partnership agreement.

Omega Psi Phi, an international fraternity comprising more than 700 undergraduate and graduate chapters, was founded at Howard University in 1911. The organization is dedicated to supporting its cardinal principles of manhood, scholarship, perseverance, and uplift.

The HCPSS <a href="http://www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership">Partnerships Office</a> unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.