---
ID: 3806
post_title: >
  Students to Sample the Rigors, Rewards
  of Farm Life
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2012-09-18 00:00:36
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2012/09/2012-036/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-036
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
Four students from Murray Hill Middle School in Laurel will become farm hands for a day at the Maple Lawn Farm in Fulton on September 18. The visit is an annual highlight of the Farm-City Celebration, a series of fall events planned to promote mutual understanding and appreciation between urban citizens and agriculture in Howard County.

The students will start the day with a tour of the farm and review of farm rules. After a quick immersion in the basics of understanding and caring for farm animals, the students will take an active part in daily farm activities. Each will try their hand at feeding and watering, stall cleaning, grooming, and handling. In the process, they will learn how to care for farm animals responsibly and safely.

Charles, Judy and Mark Iager, Maple Lawn Farm, will host the students for the day. Kathy Zimmerman, Agricultural Specialist for the Howard County Economic Development Authority and Greta Wildasin, Murray Hill Middle School Instructional Team Leader will also participate. On September 25, the students will share highlights of their day on the farm with guests at the annual Farm-City Job Exchange Luncheon at the Clark's Elioak Farm in Ellicott, City.

The HCPSS's <a href="http://www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership/">Partnerships Office</a> unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.