---
ID: 719
post_title: >
  Academy of Finance Recognizes Student
  Interns and Business Mentors
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2012-10-18 00:00:26
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2012/10/2012-058/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-058
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The HCPSS Academy of Finance (AOF), a preparatory program that prepares high school juniors and seniors for success in business careers, held a pinning ceremony on October 16. Nine students who successfully completed internships were recognized, along with the members of the local business community who served as their mentors. The ceremony was held at the HCPSS Applications and Research Laboratory (ARL), where the AOF classrooms are located.

During the summer before their senior year, each student in the AOF program participates in an internship with a local organization as part of their preparation for future careers in business, finance, marketing and other fields. The internship gives students an opportunity to meet and learn from industry professionals and to experience the corporate environment.

"We would like to thank e-Structors, Inc., Howard County Education Federal Credit Union, Collaborative Law Group, New York Life Insurance Company, State Farm Insurance, and Howard County Public School System offices for accepting our students as summer interns," said Ed Evans, AOF Principal. "The support from the local community provides our students with an invaluable experience that will influence them for years to come." AOF Instructor Dr. Maddy Halbach added, "I am so proud of the students for their participation in the internship program. They have put in a great deal of hard work to maximize the opportunity and use it as a true learning experience."

<em>About the Academy of Finance</em>

The HCPSS's Academy of Finance educates the next generation of accounting and finance professionals. Participating high school juniors and seniors take specialized classes in accounting, economics, finance, international business and marketing at the Applications and Research Lab. AOF students complete a rigorous academic curriculum, interact with local business leaders, take part in professional conferences, complete a professional internship and can earn college credit.