---
ID: 3764
post_title: >
  Board Announces Tentative Agreement with
  HCEA
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-08-08 00:00:22
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/08/13/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-013
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Board of Education announced today that it has reached a tentative agreement with the Howard County Education Association (HCEA) bargaining unit, which represents teachers and other non-supervisory certificated employees. Under the agreement, employees will receive a full step increase in salary in FY14.

"Howard County public schools have long enjoyed a stellar reputation, and our teachers drive our students' success," noted Board of Education Chairman Frank Aquino. "We are pleased that, despite financial pressures, we can offer compensation levels that will continue to attract and retain the very best staff."

The agreement reflects months of dedicated effort on the part of the negotiating team to develop a master agreement that is fiscally viable.

"Our educational team is instrumental to student achievement," stated Superintendent Renee A. Foose. "This agreement allows us to align salaries to their vital role, despite a tight fiscal climate."

The Board of Education will formally ratify and sign the agreements for both the HCEA and the Howard County Education Association-Educational Support Professionals (HCEA-ESP) during the regularly scheduled Board meeting on September 12, 2013. Bargaining unit members are currently in the process of ratifying their respective agreements. Prior to Board ratification, each agreement will be amended to reflect specific salary scale adjustments, with language added or clarified to more fully reflect the important work performed by school system employees.

Meetings with the Howard County Home and Hospital Teachers Association are ongoing.