---
ID: 228
post_title: >
  HCPSS Superintendent Recognizes
  Students, Staff at September Board
  Meetings
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-10-10 00:00:40
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/10/56/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-056
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
HCPSS Superintendent Dr. Renee Foose recognized the following student and staff achievements at the Board of Education meetings Sept. 12 and 26:

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline">Staff:</span></strong>
<strong>George McGurl </strong>has been named a finalist for Maryland Teacher of the Year. He is a 6th grade science teacher at Burleigh Manor and was named Howard County Teacher of the Year last spring. McGurl is one of seven finalists. The Teacher of the Year will be named at a gala event Oct. 11, at which representatives from all 24 Maryland school systems will be honored.

Secondary Mathematics Instructional Facilitator <strong>Jon Wray</strong> was appointed to the Executive Board of Directors for the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics, the largest mathematics association in the world.

The Maryland Council of Teachers of Mathematics gave the New Math Teacher Award to Marriotts Ridge math teacher <strong>Emily Roberts</strong> and the Outstanding Mathematics Leadership Award to Secondary Mathematics Resource Teacher <strong>Jennifer Novak</strong>.

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline">Students:</span></strong>
Four HCPSS high school students recently were selected to the National Association for Music Education All-National Honor Concert Band—<strong>David Flyr</strong> and <strong>Allyson Luo</strong> from River Hill, and <strong>Katie Tich</strong> and <strong>Yong Yang</strong> from Marriotts Ridge. The four will join more than 670 high school students from across the United States to perform at a gala concert Oct. 30 in Nashville.

Waverly Elementary fifth-grader <strong>Ashleigh Gerber </strong>was selected as this year’s Youth Ambassador for the American Diabetes Association Step Out Walk to Stop Diabetes, held Oct. 5 in Baltimore. Gerber has taken an active role in raising awareness. She led the first ever Cruise for Diabetes. She also took part in the 2013 Call to Congress, and went to Capitol Hill to discuss how having diabetes affects her life.