---
ID: 494
post_title: >
  HCPSS MESA Hosts STEM Competitions (NEW
  DATE)
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-03-14 00:00:38
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/03/2012-170/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-170
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Maryland Mathematics Engineering and Science Achievement Program (MESA) of the Howard County Public School System (HCPSS) will host the Regional MESA Day Competitions on April 12, 2013. These Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) competitions will be held at Capitol College,11301 Springfield Road, Laurel, MD from 8:30 a.m.-1:15 p.m. The competitions scheduled earlier were postponed because of weather related school closings.

Students will be allowed to thematically express themselves vocally as well as through physical and electronic projects. The public is invited to observe students engaged in activities such as Cyber security that involves writing programming codes, and then debugging their projects. An exciting new competition has been introduced in which middle and high school students must design a robotic arm and hand that mimics activities similar to those that the human arm and hand would be engaged. Winners of this competition will be eligible to compete at the state level and if successful there, will advance to the national competitions that will be held in Oregon in June, 2013.

MESA is a structured, multi-year, pre-college program that prepares students for academic and professional careers in mathematics, engineering, science and technology. Additional details may be obtained from Diane B. Martin, 410-313-5673, Dr. Harold L. Williams, 410-313-5619 or Mrs. Annette Olney, 410-313-6945.