---
ID: 262
post_title: >
  Atholton High School Football Team to
  Forfeit
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-09-18 00:00:47
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/09/39/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-039
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Atholton High School football team will forfeit their first regular season football game (September 6, 2013 v. Marriotts Ridge High School) this season as a result of an out-of-season practice violation that was self reported to the Maryland Public Secondary Schools Athletic Association (MPSSAA) on September 12, 2013.  The team activity was held prior to the allowable time for summer practices.

Atholton school officials had previously reported the suspected violation to John Davis, Coordinator of Athletics for the HCPSS.  Upon review, Davis determined that there had been a violation of COMAR 13A.06.03.04E(1), which states that “a coach may not coach a team representing the coach’s school beyond the sports season as defined in Regulation .03.”  Davis then forwarded the report and recommended sanctions to the MPSSAA for approval.

The MPSSAA approved on September 17, 2013 that the Howard County Public School System’s “…recommended penalties were in keeping with Maryland State Board of Education Regulations.”

- Atholton High School will forfeit their first regular season game against Marriotts Ridge High School played on September 6, 2013.
- Any penalties applied to the Atholton students and/or coaches are confidential per law.

“It’s unfortunate that this has occurred, but I have full confidence that the Atholton High School community will respond in the right way,” noted Davis. “I know everyone is ready to move forward.”

Atholton High School Principal Jennifer Clements stated, “While it is unfortunate that our team will have to forfeit a game, we will take this setback as an opportunity to move forward in a positive way.  Atholton prides itself on our sportsmanship and integrity and thus we admit our mistake and accept responsibility for that.”

Athletics and Activities Manager, Beth DeFrances added: “Integrity is an important aspect of the Atholton High School community.  We have accepted the consequences of this violation and have put processes in place to ensure that this does not happen again.  I have full confidence in the coach who is a man of great integrity, and his actions since the violation have been exemplary.”