---
ID: 532
post_title: >
  Howard County Schools to Host Science,
  Technology, Engineering and Math
  Competitions
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-02-27 00:00:52
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/02/2012-153/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-153
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Public School System (HCPSS) Maryland Mathematics Engineering and Science Achievement Program (MESA) will host the Regional MESA Day Competitions on March 8, at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Lab.

These Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) competitions will be held from 8:30 a.m.-1:15 p.m. in the Kossiakoff Center at the <a href="http://www.jhuapl.edu/">Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory</a>, located at 11100 Johns Hopkins Road, Laurel, Md.

Students will be allowed to thematically express themselves vocally as well as through physical and electronic projects. The public is invited to observe students engage in activities such as cyber security that involves writing programming codes and then debugging their projects. An exciting new competition has been introduced in which middle and high school students must design a robotic arm and hand that mimics activities similar to those that the human arm and hand would be engaged. Winners of this competition will be eligible to compete at the state level and possibly advance to national competitions that will be held in Oregon in June 2013.

MESA is a structured, multi-year, pre-college program that prepares students for academic and professional careers in mathematics, engineering, science and technology.

For more information, contact MESA Program Manager, Dr. Harold L. Williams at 410-313-5691 or Mrs. Annette Olney at 410-313-6945.