---
ID: 180
post_title: School Board Stands By Open Negotiations
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-11-14 00:00:04
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/11/82/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-082
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
On September 26, 2013, the Howard County Board of Education unanimously voted to conduct collective bargaining in open session for FY15. This Decision supports the focus on collaboration and transparency outlined in the five year strategic plan, Vision 2018: Fulfilling Promise of Preparation.

The Board decided to open negotiations based on the understanding that it had the authority to do so, per the State Open Meetings Act, and the Maryland Court of Appeals Decision in Carroll County Education Association, Inc. v. Board of Education of Carroll County.

Howard County Education Association (HCEA) President Paul Lemle expressed his support for open negotiations at the Board of Education meeting October 10, 2013. He stated: “We see a strong benefit to an open process. An open process allows everyone to see how collective bargaining works for the benefit of public schools and public school employees.”

On October 14, 2013, the HCEA filed a request with the Public School Labor Relations Board (PSLRB) arguing that negotiation procedures are a mandatory topic of bargaining and that the Board of Education may not unilaterally decide to conduct negotiations in open session. The HCEA also cited a provision within the relevant negotiated agreement which requires that negotiations be held in closed meetings. The Board of Education responded by stating that the Open Meetings Act affords it sole discretion as to whether to negotiate in open or closed session, and that any language in a negotiated agreement limiting that discretion is unenforceable. On November 13, 2013, the school system was notified of the PSLRB’s decision. The PSLRB concluded that the decision to negotiate in open or closed session is a permissive subject of collective bargaining, and thus the contractual provision requiring closed negotiations is enforceable.

Despite this development, the Board of Education and the Superintendent remain committed to an open and transparent process for all employees and for the public. To that end, the Board of Education has filed an appeal of the PSLRB’s decision.

“When I became Superintendent, I heard from many staff members, including teachers , as well as families and community members about the need for increased transparency,” stated Superintendent Renee A. Foose. “This decision to open negotiations allows every employee and tax payer to observe and understand the negotiation process. The Board opened negotiations in the spirit of collaboration and transparency, which I fully support.”

Open negotiations have already begun and open negotiation sessions were held with both HCEA and HCEA-Educational Support Professionals (HCEA-ESP). Open sessions are being scheduled with the Howard County Administrators Association (HCAA) and the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees (AFSCME).

“For years, negotiations have held behind closed doors," stated school system spokesperson Rebecca Amani-Dove. "We believe our employees deserve an opportunity to observe and understand how the decisions that impact their salaries, benefits, and working conditions are being made.”