---
ID: 214
post_title: >
  HCPSS Announces Upgrades to School Bus
  Camera Systems
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-10-25 00:00:32
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/10/64/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-064
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Public School System announced today it is installing digital camera systems on nearly half of its school buses, with a goal to have cameras on all buses over the next few years.

The announcement was made during a joint press conference with the Howard County government for the launch of the county’s new anti-bullying campaign. The camera installations support the recommendations of the Joint Task Force on School Safety and supplement HCPSS’ current processes for addressing complaints of bullying behavior.

“Safety is our top priority. The cameras give school personnel a way to investigate and address bullying or otherwise disruptive activities that happen on the school bus,” HCPSS Superintendent Dr. Renee A. Foose said. “These cameras will help us to ensure that students get to school safely—both physically and emotionally—while riding a school bus.”

Cameras already have been installed on approximately 100 buses, and another 110 buses will be equipped by the end of the year. Camera recordings will not be monitored, and only will be accessed when HCPSS staff believe it necessary to assist in an investigation.

Answers to frequently asked questions about the bus cameras, and a video interview with HCPSS Transportation Director David Ramsay are available on the HCPSS website, <a href="http://www.hcpss.org/schools/transportation/" target="_blank">www.hcpss.org/schools/transportation</a>.