---
ID: 364
post_title: >
  HCPSS Superintendent Recognizes
  Students, Staff
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-06-17 00:00:28
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/06/2012-234/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-234
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
HCPSS Superintendent Dr. Renee Foose recognized the following school, staff members and student achievements at the Board of Education meeting June 13:

<strong>Students:</strong>
Caroline Desjardins-Park, a junior at Reservoir High, and Noah Scholl, a junior at River Hill High School received perfect scores on their SAT. Scholl also got a perfect composite score on the ACT. Each year more than one million students take the test, and, according to the College Board, on average, students answer 50 to 60 percent of the questions correctly. Only 0.00035 percent of test takers receive a perfect score.

HCPSS once again partnered with the Howard County Library System and Watson's Tin Box of Ellicott City for the Sherlock Holmes Essay Contest for Seventh Graders. This year, contestants read the Sherlock Holmes short story, "The Adventure of the Speckled Band," and wrote an analytical essay. The winners were: First Place, Jisoo Choi, Burleigh Manor Middle School; Second Place, Kiara Anthony, Bonnie Branch Middle School; and Third Place, Nicole Meister, Burleigh Manor.

Students at Dunloggin Middle School recently helped restore the oyster population in the Chesapeake Bay as part of the Chesapeake Bay Foundation's Oyster Gardening Project. This was an extensive project because there are no oyster-growing waters in the immediate area. The students had to travel to a lab in Cambridge to select oyster larvae, and then travel to a marina in Stevensville to hang cages in the water. The students were led by Dunloggin teachers Dan Blue and Pam Kidwell, and released their oysters into the bay last month.

The HCPSS Middle School G/T Orchestra has been invited to perform in December at the international convention of the highly esteemed Midwest Clinic. This will be the 67th music education convention of the Midwest Clinic, which attracts educators, clinicians and performers from all over the world.

<strong>Staff:</strong>
Longfellow Elementary School Media Specialist Matthew Winner was invited to the White House on June 11 as a "Champion of Change." Champions are noted by the White House as "Americans who are doing extraordinary things in their communities to out-innovate, out-educate, and out-build the rest of the world."

Director of Purchasing Doug Pindell received the Maryland/D.C. Association of School Business Officials' Paul Bell Award at their annual convention in May. The award recognizes an ASBO member who has demonstrated exemplary contributions to schools, community, and ASBO; and who exhibits a special commitment to the children and residents of Maryland and the District of Columbia.

Marriotts Ridge High AP Government teacher Brent Ault was selected as the 2013 James Madison Fellow for the state of Maryland. James Madison Fellowships support the graduate study of American history by aspiring and experienced secondary school teachers of American history, American government, and social studies.

The Washington Post recently gave Glenelg High School Physical Education Department Head Ginger Kincaid their Morgan Wootten Award. This award is given each year to an All-Met coach with outstanding career accomplishments. In giving the award, the Post noted Kincaid's 36 seasons as the Glenelg field hockey coach.