---
ID: 318
post_title: >
  Y of Central Maryland Partners with
  Veterans Elementary School to Promote
  Wellness
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-08-01 00:00:41
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/08/11/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-011
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
Veterans Elementary School and the Y of Central Maryland, Dancel Family Center will work together in a new partnership that will support health and wellness initiatives for students and staff. The partnership will be formalized with an official signing Friday, Aug. 2 at 8:30 a.m. at the Sheraton Columbia Waterside Restaurant, 10207 Wincopin Circle, Columbia.

Under the terms of the partnership, the Y of Central Maryland will host team building activities for Veterans Elementary staff, host a Grade 5 Night Out for students, and encourage students and staff to participate in the Y's various community programs.

The Y of Central Maryland also will provide resources in support of a Veterans Elementary Wellness Day. Howard County Board of Education member Ellen Flynn Giles will join HCPSS Executive Director of School Improvement and Administration Frank Eastham, Veterans Elementary Principal Robert Bruce, Veterans Elementary Assistant Principal Julie Schruefer and Y of Central Maryland Center Director Michelle Reedy to sign the partnership agreement.

<a href="http://www.ymaryland.org/" target="_blank">The Y of Central Maryland</a> is a charitable organization dedicated to developing the full potential of every individual through programs that build healthy spirit, Mind and body for all. The Y is committed to providing family-oriented, affordable, high quality programs.

The Howard County Public School System's <a href="http://www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership">Partnerships Office</a> unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.