---
ID: 369
post_title: >
  HCPSS iPad Pilot Program on Parent
  Teacher Connection
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-06-13 00:00:46
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/06/2012-232/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-232
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
Throughout the 2012-2013 school year, nearly 300 Elkridge Landing Middle School students and teachers took part in a pilot program to test the use of  iPads in the classroom. A short video feature detailing the iPad pilot program is <a href="http://hcpsstv.granicus.com/MediaPlayer.php?view_id=2&amp;clip_id=993" target="_blank">available for viewing online.</a>

The goal of the initiative was to provide students with access to digital content and production tools in and outside of school, giving them the ability to learn anytime, anyplace. The iPad was chosen over other digital devices for its ease of use, portability, and broad range of functions, including multimedia creation, ebook reader functionality and use of applications.

The video features several teachers and students who took part in the program. Elkridge Landing math teacher Mike McMillion explained that utilizing iPad apps allows students to "do things they can't do on paper," and that it has decreased the amount of time it takes to go through certain subjects and activities.

Teacher Barbara Sharbaugh uses the iPad in her Spanish classroom. Her students have been able to access apps through which they can listen to Spanish-language radio broadcasts and view the transcripts in Spanish to follow along.

The program has been deemed such a success that all students and teachers at Elkridge Landing will receive iPads for use in the next school year.