---
ID: 202
post_title: >
  HCPSS Superintendent Recognizes Students
  and Staff at October Board Meetings
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-10-31 00:00:30
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/10/70/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-070
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
Howard County Public School System Superintendent Dr. Renee Foose recognized the following student and staff achievements at the Board of Education meetings Oct. 10 and 22:

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline">Students:</span></strong>
<strong>Hammond Middle School's School Girls Unite</strong> students successfully advocated for a presidential proclamation for an International Day of the Girl. Earlier this month, President Barack Obama declared October 11th International Day of the Girl to bring attention to issues that affect girls around the world, such as gender discrimination in education and child marriage. Howard County and HCPSS have recognized the Day of the Girl since 2011. Last year, Governor O'Malley declared October 11th Maryland Day of the Girl, the first state in the nation to do so. The International Day of the Girl is also recognized globally by the United Nations.

Centennial High School senior <strong>Anusha Nathan</strong> in early October was named a recipient of the Nordstrom TEN4U Scholarship, which recognizes high school students across the country for their exceptional scholastic achievement and community involvement. She is one of only 80 students across the country to receive this scholarship.

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline">Staff:</span></strong>
Office of Secondary Mathematics Instructional Facilitator <strong>Jon Wray</strong> recently published an article on developing and empowering leaders in the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics Teaching Children Mathematics journal.

Mt. Hebron High School Spanish teacher <strong>Hannah Gonzalez</strong> was named Maryland Language Teacher of the Year by the Maryland Foreign Language Association. She will represent Maryland at the Northeast Conference on the Teaching of Foreign Languages in Boston in March 2014.

The Maryland Council for Social Studies named Hollifield Station Elementary 5th grade teacher <strong>Kristen Lutjen </strong>Elementary Social Studies Teacher of the Year.

<strong>Butch Schaffer</strong>, varsity head football coach of the Glenelg Gladiators, was named the Baltimore Ravens High School Coach of the Week on Oct. 9. Schaffer is the fifth recipient of the award in 2013. Each week during the season, the Ravens honor a high school coach who has made a significant impact on his or her student-athletes. Each winner will be in attendance at the Ravens-Vikings home game on Dec. 8 for an opportunity to be named the Ravens High School Coach of the Year.