---
ID: 524
post_title: 'Salazar&#8217;s Helps Students Connect to Work'
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-03-05 00:00:42
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/03/2012-156/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-156
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
A new partnership with Salazar Catering Services will assist Homewood Center students in bridging the gap between education and the world of work. The partnership will be formalized with an official signing on Tuesday, March 5, at the school, 10914 Clarksville Pike in Ellicott City.

Under the terms of the partnership, Salazar Catering Services will help students learn to apply what they learn in the classroom to the world of work. Salazar's will offer work opportunities for selected qualified students; make class presentations on topics such as entrepreneurship, goal setting and "being your own boss;" recognize one student member of the Homewood Center Phoenix Society each week; and participate in mock interviews and Career Days at the school.

At 3:00 p.m., Ed Salazar, Owner, will join Sandra H. French, Member, Howard County Board of Education and Tina Maddox, Principal, Homewood Center to sign the formal partnership agreement.

Salazar Catering Services operates the Boardroom Café at the Department of Education and offers a wide variety of catering options.

The Howard County Public School System's <a href="http://www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership/">Partnerships Office</a> unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.