---
ID: 540
post_title: >
  The Council of Elders Partnership
  Fosters and Celebrates Black Student
  Achievement
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-02-26 00:00:23
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/02/2012-148/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-148
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
Since 1992, a partnership between The Council of Elders of the Black Community of Howard County and the Howard County Public School System has cultivated academic success and leadership qualities and promoted personal responsibility and community service among HCPSS Black students.

The partnership agreement will be updated with an official signing at 10 a.m. on Wednesday, February 27, 2013, at the Department of Education, 10910 Clarksville Pike in Ellicott City.

Under the terms of the updated partnership agreement, members of The Council of Elders collaborate with HCPSS to create and maintain a school system environment where all students are recognized, supported, strengthened, and empowered to meet and exceed high standards of academic excellence and student citizenship.

Representatives of The Council of Elders meet regularly with HCPSS staff to assess the academic achievement, graduation rates and attendance data of Black students for the purpose of identifying areas of improvement. The Council of Elders will continue to recognize and celebrate Black student achievement at the annual Celebration of Excellence and Celebration of Achievement. The Celebration of Excellence recognizes graduating seniors with a 3.0 or higher grade point average while the Celebration of Achievement highlights student across the system who have performed well on county and state assessments.

Kenneth Jennings, Presiding Elder, will join Ann DeLacy, Sandra French and Ellen Flynn Giles, Howard County Board of Education Members, and Dr. Renee A. Foose, HCPSS Superintendent, to sign the updated partnership agreement.

<a href="http://thecouncilofelders.org./">The Council of Elders of the Black Community of Howard County</a> works to establish, grow and maintain a community of people who actively serve to develop, promote, strengthen, guide and advance the educational, cultural and communal well-being of the Black community of Howard County.

The Howard County Public School System's <a href="http://www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership">Partnerships Office</a> unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.

The Howard County Public School System does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, gender, age national origin, religion, sexual orientation or disability in matters affecting employment or in providing access to programs.