---
ID: 297
post_title: >
  Ducketts Lane Elementary School to Host
  Ribbon Cutting Ceremony Aug. 25
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-08-22 00:00:52
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/08/20/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-020
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Public School system will celebrate the opening of Ducketts Lane Elementary School (6501 Ducketts Lane, Elkridge) with a ribbon cutting and open house on Sunday, Aug. 25 from 1-3 p.m.

Superintendent Renee A. Foose and members of the Board of Education will welcome State Senator Allan Kittleman, Howard County Executive Ken Ulman, County Council member Courtney Watson and other school and county leaders to participate in the festivities.

Following the ribbon cutting ceremony, Ducketts Lane Principal Heidi Balter and school staff members will give tours and answer questions. Light refreshments will be served. Long Reach High School music students will provide entertainment.

Ducketts Lane is Howard County’s 41st elementary school and draws students from Bellows Spring, Elkridge, Rockburn and Waterloo elementary schools. The school has a capacity of 600 students and serves prekindergarten through Grade 5. The building is eligible for LEED Gold Certification, an internationally recognized green building classification established by the U.S. Green Building Council.

In conjunction with its strategic plan, Vision 2018: Fulfilling the Promise of Preparation, the HCPSS is implementing several new initiatives at Ducketts Lane.
<ul>
	<li><strong>World language instruction:</strong> Ducketts Lane will be the first HCPSS elementary school to offer daily Spanish language instruction to all Grade K-2 students, with plans for expansion to Grades 3-5 the following school year.</li>
	<li><strong>Departmentalization of instruction:</strong> Students learn content from teachers who are more focused on fewer content areas, and benefit from the collective knowledge of multiple teachers.</li>
	<li><strong>Instructional technology:</strong> Every classroom will be outfitted with an interactive projector that allows teachers to easily incorporate multimedia elements and interactive lessons into the curriculum.</li>
</ul>