---
ID: 437
post_title: >
  Board of Education to Hold Regular
  Meeting and Public Hearings (CORRECTION)
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-04-25 00:00:30
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/04/2012-198/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-198
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Board of Education will hold a regularly scheduled meeting at 4:00 p.m. on Thursday May 9, 2013 in the Board Room at the Department of Education, 10910 Clarksville Pike in Ellicott City.

Both the afternoon and the evening session, which convenes at 7:30 p.m., will begin with a "Public Forum" when members of the public may address the Board on any topic other than those for which a formal public hearing process exists. Advanced sign up is preferred. To sign up to speak at Public Forum, contact the Board's office at 410-313-7194.

During the evening session, the Board will hold a public hearing on the following:
<ul>
	<li>FY2014 Operating &amp; Capital Budgets, &amp; FY15-19 Capital Improvement Program</li>
	<li>Policy 3040 Technology Security</li>
	<li>Policy 3060 Social Media</li>
	<li>Policy 8080 Acceptable Use of Technology</li>
</ul>
Individuals who wish to testify at the hearings are asked to limit their presentation to three minutes and to provide 15 written copies of their testimony at the time of the hearings. Pre-registration will take place during business hours prior to the hearings, up to the close of business on the last working day before the hearings.

To sign up to testify at the hearings or to speak at Public Forum, contact the Board's office at 410-313-7194. Individuals who would like to request a sign language interpreter for any meeting of the Board of Education may contact Colleen Rice, Interpreter Scheduler, at 410-313-7046. A two week advanced notice is preferred.