---
ID: 590
post_title: HCPSS To Review School Opening Times
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-01-29 00:00:11
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/01/2012-123/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-123
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Public School System is taking a comprehensive look at the opening time of schools and the impact that an early opening has on the health and well-being of high school students.

"Students must come to school well-rested if they are going to be ready for learning," stated Board Member Dr. Janet Siddiqui, who has been a long-time advocate for conducting a study on the relationships among early start time for adolescents, sleep habits, and student achievement.

Through the Superintendent's Listen and Learn Forums with both community members and students this past fall, the topic of the start time for high schools emerged as a common theme. "Students and parents alike inquired about the continued rationale for starting high schools earliest and elementary schools later.  From a practical stand point, I heard that the high school start time is contributing to sleepy adolescents and the elementary start times often cause day care issues for parents," stated Superintendent Dr. Renee A. Foose.

"At this point, we are just beginning to study the relationship between start times and student well-being. The bottom line for me is if it's in the best interest of students to look at changing the schedule, I'm open to studying it as a first step."

The study also will consider the impact of schedule changes on collective bargaining agreements, after school activities, transportation, and the school system's operating budget.