---
ID: 461
post_title: >
  More Howard County Kindergarteners Ready
  for School Than Ever
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-04-12 00:00:39
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/04/2012-186/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-186
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
Eighty-nine percent of Howard County kindergarteners are fully school-ready, according to the Maryland State Department of Education's 2012-13 Maryland Model for School Readiness (MMSR) Kindergarten Assessment. This represents a two-point gain from last year, and a 23-point gain from the first assessment in 2001-02. It also is higher than the state's overall readiness of 82 percent.

Highlights for Howard County include:
<ul>
	<li>Readiness levels are high in all Domains of Learning, including Language &amp; Literacy (91 percent), Mathematical Thinking (80 percent) and Scientific Thinking (81 percent).</li>
	<li>Readiness gaps among students in groups that have historically lagged behind their peers continue to narrow. Eighty-five percent African-American students and 80 percent of Hispanic students were fully ready in 2012-13, representing a dramatic improvement for both groups over the last decade.</li>
	<li>School readiness in students receiving Free and Reduced Meals has increased 57 points throughout the last 10 years, and is up four points since last year.</li>
	<li>More English Language Learners are fully school-ready, up from 71 percent in 2011-2012 to 77 percent in 2012-13. This gain diminished the readiness gap between ELL and their English-proficient peers from 18 points to 13 points and is especially significant because of the increasing number of ELL among the student body.</li>
</ul>
Each year since 2001-02, kindergarten teachers have used the MMSR to individually assess the readiness of each of their students, including what they are able to do in the seven Domains of Learning: Language and Literacy, Mathematical Thinking, Scientific Thinking, Social Studies, the Arts, Physical Development, and Social and Personal Development. The MMSR is a set of systematic, carefully defined daily observations, work samples, and age-appropriate guidelines by which a teacher assesses the skills of each entering kindergartner. Teachers are trained by the Maryland State Department of Education to effectively use the MMSR.

The complete School Readiness report is available at <a href="http://www.marylandpublicschools.org/msde/newsroom/publications/school_readiness" target="_blank">www.MdSchoolReadiness.org</a>.