---
ID: 405
post_title: >
  Bryant Woods Elementary School Students
  Receive Grant From Chesapeake Bay Trust
  for Storm Drain Stenciling and Community
  Awareness Project
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-05-14 00:00:55
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/05/2012-214/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-214
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
Bryant Woods Elementary School students are leading the way on a Storm Drain Stenciling Project aimed at increasing community awareness and ensuring the continuing health of the Chesapeake Bay. They are working to raise environmental awareness throughout the village and are educating the community about their local environment and how their actions can have a positive impact on the Chesapeake Bay.

This grass roots collaborative effort includes Bryant Woods Elementary School students, staff, families and community members and will culminate with a storm drain stenciling project that serves to help emphasize the importance of keeping the Wilde Lake neighborhood clean and Maryland's water safe. Up to 20 storm drains in the neighborhood will be stenciled "DON’T DUMP, DRAINS TO THE CHESAPEAKE."

Lead by the Bryant Woods Green School Committee, the project will kick off on May 20, 2013 at 2:30 pm with a ribbon cutting ceremony at the school's back playground.

The goal of the project is to teach the students to be stewards of the land and Bay through education and action. The project is being supported by a grant from The Chesapeake Bay Trust.

The school's Green Team of 5th graders will be assigned to specific storm drains in the neighborhood and will all teach a lower school class about the importance of not dumping in the bay.

This on-going school and community collaboration is an integral part of the school's effort to become a certified Maryland Green School. By acting locally and raising awareness throughout the village and educating the students about their local environment, the project will teach how everyone’s actions at a local level can have a wider-reaching environmental impact as well as a lasting impact on the school and community for years to come.

There are many volunteer opportunities with this project and members of the community are encouraged to participate. For more information contact Matthew Henry at Bryant Woods Elementary School at 410-313-6859.