---
ID: 407
post_title: >
  HCPSS Announces Winners of First Annual
  Crystal Flame Staff Awards
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-05-13 00:00:59
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/05/2012-213/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-213
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
Superintendent Renee A. Foose recognized the four winners of the first annual HCPSS Crystal Flame staff awards during the May 9, 2013 meeting of the Board of Education. The awards recognize achievements by groups or individual staff members in any school or central office in categories that are aligned to the school system's strategic goals.

The award in the Leadership category went to the Homewood Circle Champions, a team of Homewood Center teachers and administrators led by assistant principal Christina Krabitz. The Homewood Circle Champions use restorative practices and community conference circles to improve communication and help develop a nurturing school climate. The program has shown impressive results: in just one semester, disciplinary office referrals were reduced by 58 percent, school suspensions dropped by 30 percent, and average daily attendance increased by more than 15 percent when compared to a similar time frame last year.

The award for Communication and Public Engagement went to Harriet Lee, a Black Student Achievement Program mentor at Reservoir High School, for her success in uniting the school community. Students and colleagues describe Ms. Lee as as an educator of boundless energy and drive, with a warm, giving spirit and exceptional professionalism, and who is passionate about helping students turn their dreams into reality.

In the Continuous Improvement category, the Clemens Crossing Elementary School Gifted and Talented (G/T) team members Anjan Nath and Laura Register were recognized for their remarkable success in increasing the diversity and depth of the school's G/T program, including expanded research- and STEM-based offerings.

The Crystal Flame for Cultural Proficiency was awarded to Maha Abdelkader, an ESOL teacher in the World Languages office, for her success in creating an instructional environment conducive to diverse learners' needs and for promoting culturally proficient co-teaching throughout the county.

Earlier this month, Superintendent Renee A. Foose offered personal congratulations to all winners during surprise visits at their work locations. A video presentation that includes highlights of each surprise visit and the winners' achievements was shown during the awards presentation, and can be viewed at <a href="http://hcpsstv.granicus.com/MediaPlayer.php?view_id=2&amp;clip_id=973">http://hcpsstv.granicus.com/MediaPlayer.php?view_id=2&amp;clip_id=973</a>.