---
ID: 375
post_title: >
  Under Armour–Centennial High School
  Partnership Promotes Career Readiness
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-07-07 00:00:24
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/07/229/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-229
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
A new partnership between Centennial High School and Under Armour will assist students in preparing for college and future careers by giving them an insider’s look at operating a worldwide apparel business. The collaboration will be formalized with an official signing Monday, June 10 at 1 p.m. at Centennial High School, 4300 Centennial Lane, Ellicott City.

Under the terms of the partnership, Under Armour will help students gain an understanding of business and marketing through class presentations, College and Career Ready initiatives, and by exploring internship opportunities to expose students to real world experience. Under Armour also will offer school field trips to their offices so students can experience the many facets of running a successful business.

Howard County Board of Education member Ellen Flynn Giles will join Centennial High School Principal Carl Perkins and Under Armour Territory Team Sales Manager Gary Powers to sign the collaboration agreement at the June 10 event.

<a href="http://www.ua.com/">Under Armour</a> is a leading developer, marketer, and distributor of branded performance apparel, footwear, and accessories. The company's products are sold worldwide and worn by athletes at all levels, from youth to professional, on playing fields around the globe. The Under Armour global headquarters is in Baltimore.

The <a href="http://www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership/">Howard County Public School System’s Partnerships Office</a> unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.