---
ID: 158
post_title: >
  Students and Staff Recognized at
  November Board of Education Meetings
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-11-26 00:00:49
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/11/94/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-094
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The following student and staff achievements were recognized at the Board of Education meetings Nov. 4 and 21:

Students:
The Marriotts Ridge High School Marching Band competed in the Mid-Atlantic States Band Championships Nov. 2-3 and placed first in class and in the Maryland State category.

Staff:
Secondary Mathematics Coordinator Bill Barnes recently was elected as Eastern 2 Regional Director of the National Council of Supervisors of Mathematics, a collegial network of mathematics educator leaders. His two-year term will begin in April.

Elementary Math Coach Kisha Davis-Caldwell was recently featured on NBC News’ Education Nation, an NBC News initiative to engage the country in a solutions-focused conversation about the state of education in America. Kisha presented tools for teaching equivalent fractions, and hosted a question-and-answer session with teachers. She currently serves as a member of the National Education Association Common Core Working Group.

The Baltimore Ravens named Hammond football coach Justin Carey High School Coach of the Week at the end of October, putting him in the running for Ravens High School Coach of the Year. Each week during the season, the Ravens honor a high school coach who has made a significant impact on his or her student-athletes.

Educational technology company Tech4Learning named Centennial Lane Elementary Technology teacher Michael Kilberg and Guilford Elementary Technology teacher Tim Incavido Innovative Educators. The award recognizes exceptional educators who go above and beyond in infusing technology and education. Both Michael and Tim were recognized for blending technology, creativity and curriculum to inspire their students.