---
ID: 451
post_title: >
  Howard County Educators Honored by
  Washington Post
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-04-18 00:00:00
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/04/2012-191/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-191
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
Two HCPSS educators recently were honored as 2013 Washington Post Awards recipients for Howard County. Marriotts Ridge High School Principal Adrianne Kaufman was named the Distinguished Educational Leader, and Burleigh Manor Middle School science teacher George McGurl was given the Agnes Meyer Outstanding Teacher award. Both honorees inspired enthusiastic endorsement from school staff, students and parents, as highlighted by supporting materials included in each candidate's nomination.

The Washington Post sponsors both awards. Winners for school systems throughout the Washington, D.C. region are selected through internal competitions. All of the winners will be honored during awards ceremonies at the Washington Post in May.

Dr. Kaufman has served as principal of three Howard County high schools: Mt. Hebron, Reservoir and Marriotts Ridge. Colleagues and staff describe her as an instructional leader who holds high expectations for both teachers and students. She is committed to professional development both for herself personally and for her staff, and has served as a mentor for many current school administrators.

Supervisors and colleagues describe Mr. McGurl as a dedicated teacher who instills in students a desire to learn and achieve. He serves as a leader at Burleigh Manor, heading up several projects including The STEM Fair, Science Fair, and in having Burleigh Manor classified as a Green School.