---
ID: 492
post_title: >
  Joint Task Force Recommends School
  Safety Improvements
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-03-18 00:00:24
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/03/2012-171/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-171
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
Howard County Executive Ken Ulman, Superintendent of Schools Renee A. Foose, and Police Chief  William McMahon released the findings of the Joint Task Force on School Safety during a press conference at Thunder Hill Elementary School today.

Ulman and Foose commissioned the task force following the school shootings in Newtown, Conn., which intensified concerns about school safety throughout the community and nation.

Participants include representatives from county government, public safety, public health, parents, students, and school system staff. The task force was charged with reviewing the physical security, emergency protocols and other safety issues in Howard County schools and developing recommendations for improvement. Its work culminates in the report released today.

Ulman outlined a number of specific recommendations that will be adopted immediately and implemented by the end of the year. These include buzzers, cameras and a badging system in every elementary and middle school, police camera streams at the 911 center, and improved training and drills in all school facilities including private schools and day care centers. The county and the school system plan to spend $2 million on safety improvements, beginning immediately.

"The school system, our public safety leaders and the community took this challenge seriously," Ulman said. "There are steps we can take right away to be better prepared for emergencies and tragedies."

"While we all wish we didn't need to focus our energies on these kinds of improvements, the work of the task force shows that when we come together, we can chart a course toward a safer future."

The report confirms that many protocols already exist which are effective in keeping Howard County schools safe, Foose noted. "We have many strong practices and partnerships in place, and staff that are dedicated to our children's well being." She added that the recommendations outlined in the report, once completed, "will raise school security to an even higher level. I am committed to quickly implementing these strategies."

"Our school system and county leadership hold the safety of students and staff as our highest priority," Foose said. "We greatly appreciate the continued support and full collaboration of our county government and safety partners."

View the<a href="http://www.hcpss.org/aboutus/taskforce_report.pdf"> final report of the Joint Task Force on School Safety</a> which is also available on the <a href="http://www.hcpss.org/aboutus/safety.shtml">HCPSS Web Site</a>.