---
ID: 243
post_title: HCPSS Class of 2013 Soars on the SAT
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-09-30 00:00:43
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/09/49/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-049
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
Students in the Howard County Public School System (HCPSS) continue to outperform the state and nation on the SAT according to the latest data for the graduating class of 2013.  Among graduating HCPSS seniors, 80.3 percent took the SAT during high school, compared to 69 percent of public school graduates in Maryland and 43 percent of public school graduates nationally. The average mean SAT score for HCPSS graduates in the class of 2013 was of 1653, 170 points greater than the average for Maryland schools (1483) and 155 points greater than the average for schools nationwide (1498).

HCPSS considers a combined score of 1650, comprised of 550 on each of the three subtests, to be one indication of college and career readiness. Many colleges throughout the country accept such a score as an indication that students will not need remedial coursework.  The average SAT score among students in the graduating class of 2013 was just above this benchmark at 1653, an increase of 21 points from the previous graduating class (1632).

“Competitive SAT scores are an advantage in the college admissions process. They also signify that students have the aptitude to excel in a college environment,” stated Superintendent Renee A. Foose.  “We want our graduating seniors to be able to pursue the futures of their dreams, and these SAT results indicate that many are well on their way.”