---
ID: 630
post_title: >
  Howard County Teachers to Model Science
  Instruction for Korean Visitors
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-01-03 00:00:56
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/01/2012-101/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-101
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Public School System welcomes a delegation of 68 science teachers who are now visiting our elementary, middle and high school classrooms to study best practices in STEM innovation. These teachers were selected to represent their school districts through a rigorous application process. The delegation includes teachers of elementary schools as well as secondary Earth Science, Biology and Chemistry teachers.

This is the second year in which a Korean delegation has studied our school system. This delegation, which arrived on December 28, 2012, began their professional development at the Howard County Conservancy on January 2, with presentations from both the elementary and secondary science offices. On January 3, they attended a presentation from Dr. Janice Koch, Professor Emeritus at Hofstra University on Inquiry and the Nature of Science. They will visit schools on January 9,10, and 11. During these school visits, they will be paired with job-alike teachers to share best practices and learn from one another.

"This is a wonderful professional learning opportunity for teachers to engage in an international exchange of ideas," stated HCPSS Director of Professional and Organizational Development, Juliann Dibble.

There will be a reception on Monday, January 7, at the Sheraton in Columbia at 6 p.m. All the hosting teachers and their respective principals have been invited as well as other guests.