---
ID: 3766
post_title: >
  HCPSS Superintendent Recognizes
  Students, Staff
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-06-03 00:00:50
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/06/2012-222/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-222
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
HCPSS Superintendent Dr. Renee Foose recognized the following school, staff members and student achievements at the Board of Education meeting May 23:

Marriotts Ridge High School and Stevens Forest Elementary School have earned certification as a Maryland Green School. In addition, Atholton, Centennial Lane, Deep Run, Forest Ridge, Hammond, and Hollifield Station elementary schools, and Glenwood Middle School, have earned Green School recertification. The new additions bring the total number of HCPSS schools certified to 45. Green School certification recognizes a school's two-year effort to meet criteria in curriculum and instruction, best management practices, and community involvement in environmental education.

Ann Strozyk, HCPSS environmental educator at the Howard County Conservancy, was named the Tech Council of Maryland Educator of the Year. The Tech Council of Maryland is the largest technology trade group serving the advanced technology and biotechnology communities of Maryland. Strozyk is the first teacher in the county to earn this award, in recognition for designing field experiences that touch thousands of students in STEM-focused activities.

Centennial and Hammond high school teams finished first and second, respectively, in the Baltimore It’s Academic tournament. Centennial team members include Matt Keimig, Clarissa Santori, and Ryan Heslin. Hammond team members include Advait Chauhan, Daniel Kim, and Will Ueckerman.

Centennial High School finished second place finish in the National History Bowl competition. Team members include Ryan Heslin, Weijia Cheng, Gary Tse and Anant Mishra.

The Conexiones Hispanic Achievement Award was presented to students in the following categories: Theresa Rizk, Glenelg High School, Academic Excellence; Diego Gomez, Long Reach High School, Overcoming Obstacles; Gabriel Margarida, Howard High School, Community Service; and Kevin Moreno, Wilde Lake High School, Feli Sola-Carter Leadership Award. Conexiones, an HCPSS partner, focuses on advancing the leadership capabilities and educational achievement of the county’s Hispanic youth.

Maryland Society for Educational Technology student computer contest winners include Margaret Zhang, St. John’s Lane Elementary; Nate Thies, St. John’s Lane Elementary; Justin Shaw, Clarksville Elementary; and Abigail Simcock, St. John’s Lane Elementary. MSET each year recognizes K-12 Maryland students who integrate technology into the learning process and create desktop publishing, graphic arts, and multimedia products.