---
ID: 3789
post_title: 'HCPSS Partners with HCC Children&#8217;s Learning Center'
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-01-02 00:00:36
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/01/2012-100/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-100
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Public School System (HCPSS) has partnered with the Children's Learning Center at Howard Community College to implement a new Preschool for All program which supports expanded access to low-cost, high quality preschool education meeting 10 quality benchmarks set by the Maryland State Department of Education (MSDE). The partnership will be formalized with an official signing at the Waterside Restaurant in the Sheraton Columbia Town Center Hotel on Thursday, January 3.

The collaboration is the school system's second public-private partnership between a local school system and community-based provider and funded by the Judith P. Hoyer Early Child Care and Education Enhancement Grant for Preschool Services. The services provided will include parent workshops to support school readiness skills, access to extended day care for eligible participants, and vision and hearing screening for 4-year olds, offered in coordination with the Howard County Health Department.

"The vision at both the state and county level is to provide preschool services for all four-year-olds," notes Lisa Davis, Coordinator of the Office of Early Childhood Programs for the school system. "We are pleased to partner with the Children's Learning Center at Howard Community College because it expands the number of children being served by a high quality program."

On Thursday at 8:30 a.m., Kathleen B. Hetherington, President, Howard Community College and Kimberly Pins, Director of the Children's Learning Center, will join Sandra H. French and Ellen Flynn Giles, members, Howard County Board of Education; Linda Wise, Deputy Superintendent; and other representatives to sign the formal partnership agreement.

Howard Community College (HCC) is a publicly funded two-year community college serving the educational needs of the citizens and employers in Howard County, Maryland since 1970. The Children's Learning Center is an educational program serving HCC college students and employees as well as the local community.

The HCPSS Partnerships Office (<a href="http://www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership/">www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership</a>) unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.