---
ID: 141
post_title: >
  HCPSS Open Negotiations Meetings
  Canceled
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-12-18 00:00:46
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/12/102/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-102
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Public School System (HCPSS) is canceling all open negotiations meetings scheduled this week due to legal actions taken by the Howard County Education Association (HCEA). Although HCEA President Paul Lemle initially expressed his support for open negotiations, HCEA filed a request with the Public School Labor Relations Board (PSLRB) arguing that negotiations must be conducted in closed session per the collective bargaining agreement.

On November 12, 2013, the PSLRB concluded that contractual provisions requiring closed negotiations such as the one present in the negotiated agreement between the Board and the HCEA are enforceable. The Board of Education filed an appeal of the PSLRB’s decision.  A recent procedural ruling by the courts requires that the Board and the HCEA comply with the PSLRB’s decision.

This procedural ruling has no effect on the merits of the Board’s appeal. The Board of Education and the Superintendent remain committed to an open and transparent negotiation process for all employees and for the public.

Board Chairman Ellen Flynn Giles noted: “The decision to open negotiations allows every employee and taxpayer to observe and understand the negotiation process.”

“The Board opened negotiations in the spirit of collaboration and transparency, which I fully support.” stated Superintendent Renee A. Foose. “At a meeting just last week, we had over 50 observers. It saddens me that we need to take a step backwards and shut them out of the process that has such a significant impact on our workforce.”

Negotiations scheduled for this week with all bargaining units are canceled and will be rescheduled as closed meetings in January 2014.