---
ID: 349
post_title: >
  HCPSS to Host Cultural Proficiency
  Institute in July
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-06-25 00:00:43
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/06/2012-240/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-240
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Public School System, in partnership with Corwin Press, will host the 2013 Cultural Proficiency Institute July 22-23 at the Sheraton Columbia Town Center. The CPI will focus on application of cultural proficiency and corresponding results and will draw attendees from across the country and Canada. The CPI is in its seventh year, however this is the first time it is being held on the East Coast.

The CPI will include presentations on cultural proficiency as a continuous improvement process, and participants will receive specific examples, models, and pragmatic suggestions for achieving equitable student outcomes.

The event will feature six award-winning cultural proficiency authors, including Raymond Terrell, Kikanza Nuri-Robins, Randall Lindsey, Delores Lindsey, Franklin CampbellJones, and Brenda CampbellJones. The conference also will spotlight a number of HCPSS staff members who have displayed leadership in applying the tools of cultural proficiency with positive results.

"We are honored to host the 2013 Cultural Proficiency Institute with Corwin Press," said HCPSS Superintendent Dr. Renee A. Foose. "Focusing on culturally proficient practices has helped many of our staff members communicate more effectively with students, parents and families in our diverse county. We've improved our practices and we're seeing results, but there is much more to do. This institute provides a perfect forum for us to continue to learn together and share what's working."

"Cultural proficiency is one of our most important focus areas," said Board of Education Chairman Frank Aquino. "It is exciting to see that education and community leaders from different corners of the world are coming together right here in Columbia — a community designed to celebrate multiculturalism — to enhance their culturally proficient practices."

The Howard County Public School System is recognized as an international leader in the area of cultural proficiency, according to Mike Soules, president of Corwin Press. "We're proud to partner with HCPSS to convene respected authors, experts, and practitioners dedicated to a high-quality education for every student. We hope people will bring their team members and come away with a deepened commitment as well as concrete actions that they can take back to their districts."

For more information on the CPI, visit <a href="http://www.corwin.com/howardcountycpi" target="_blank">www.corwin.com/howardcountycpi</a>.