---
ID: 377
post_title: 'Mosquito Joe Partners with Folly Quarter Middle School to Provide &#8220;Real World&#8221; Experience'
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-06-07 00:00:31
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/06/2012-228/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-228
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
In a new partnership, Folly Quarter Middle School and Mosquito Joe of Howard County will work together to assist students in bridging the gap between education and professional work. The collaboration will be formalized with an official signing Monday, June 10 at 7:30 a.m. at the Sheraton Columbia Waterside Restaurant, 10207 Wincopin Cir., Columbia.

Under the terms of the partnership, Folly Quarter Middle School and Mosquito Joe will work together to help students understand the relationship between what they are learning in school and the world of work. Mosquito Joe representatives will participate in the school’s Career Day and speak to students about entrepreneurship, business management and the skills necessary to run a business.

Howard County Board of Education member Janet Siddiqui, M.D., will join Folly Quarter Middle School Principal Richard Wilson and Mosquito Joe franchisee Kurt Godwin to sign the collaboration agreement at the June 10 event.

<a href="http://howardcounty.mosquitojoe.com/Home.html">Mosquito Joe of Howard County</a> provides mosquito control services to residential and commercial customers in all of Howard County and surrounding areas. Through barrier sprays, misting systems and special event solutions Mosquito Joe is committed to making outside fun again.

The <a href="http://www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership">Howard County Public School System’s Partnerships Office</a> unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.