---
ID: 516
post_title: 'Jeffers Hill Elementary &#8211; PNC Bank Partnership to Sharpen Math Skills, Teach Financial Planning'
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-03-07 00:00:52
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/03/2012-159/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-159
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
In a new partnership, Jeffers Hill Elementary School and PNC Bank will work together to help students learn the importance of personal financial planning and develop the mathematical and economics skills needed for daily life. The collaboration will be formalized with an official signing Friday, March 8, at 8:30 a.m. at the Sheraton Columbia Waterside Restaurant, 10207 Wincopin Circle, Columbia, MD.

Under the terms of the agreement, PNC will create an in-school bank for Jeffers Hill Elementary students and staff. Selected fourth and fifth grade students will be trained as tellers and will tour a bank to learn how the institution operates. Bank representatives also will work with school staff to give students additional opportunities to practice math skills related to money, decimals and fractions, and to share information about careers in the financial industry.

Howard County Board of Education members Ann De Lacy and Sandra French will join Jeffers Hill Elementary School Principal Patricia Shifflett and PNC Bank Financial Sales Consultant Stephanie Guillaume to sign the collaboration agreement.

<a href="http://www.pnc.com/" target="_blank">PNC Bank</a> offers a wide range of services for all customers, from individuals and small businesses, to corporations and government entities. The company has all the products, knowledge and resources necessary to help customers of all types achieve financial success.

The Howard County Public School System's <a href="http://www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership/">Partnerships Office</a> unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.