---
ID: 486
post_title: >
  Howard County History Day Competition a
  Success!
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-03-20 00:00:16
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/03/2012-174/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-174
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Public School System held its ninth annual History Day Competition on Saturday, March 16, 2013 at Reservoir High School. This year's event, sponsored by the Office of Secondary Social Studies, included 187 project entries presented by 264 students, representing 19 middle and 7 high schools. Over 60 teachers, Central Office staff, Board of Education members, business partners and community members volunteered as judges to evaluate student entries.

The county History Day program is a collaborative effort among classroom social studies teachers, gifted &amp; talented resource teachers, media specialists, central office support staff, libraries, colleges, universities, and local historical institutions.  Students, grades 6 -12, worked for many months conducting historical research on a self-selected topic that relates to this year's National History Day theme of Turning Points in History: People, Ideas, Events. A research question guided students to explore and interpret both primary and secondary resources. After gathering data and research, students analyzed the information, drew conclusion and began creation of the History Day project entry to submit for review at the local school level prior to entering the countywide competition.

Students presented entries in five categories: exhibit, performance, multimedia documentary, research paper and website. HCPSS awarded 1st, 2nd and 3rd place winners in each category. The top two entries in each category from the Howard County regional contest will advance to the state contest, to be held April 27, 2013, at University of Maryland, Baltimore County. A list of HCPSS advancers follows.

The district coordinator for Howard County History Day is Dr. Mark Stout, Coordinator for Advanced Programs and Secondary Social Studies, HCPSS. To learn more about Howard County History Day, contact Dr. Stout at 410-313-6622. For more information on the Maryland History Day or the National History Day competitions, contact Judy Dobbs at 410-685-4185 or visit the <a href="http://www.nationalhistoryday.org/" target="_blank">official National History Day Web Site</a>.