---
ID: 170
post_title: >
  The Columbia Bank Partners with Stevens
  Forest Elementary School to Strengthen
  Math Skills
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-11-20 00:00:35
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/11/87/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-087
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Columbia Bank is partnering with Stevens Forest Elementary School to introduce students to the fields of economics and finance and help build banking skills.  The partnership will be formalized with an official signing Thursday, Nov. 21 at 8:30 a.m. at the Sheraton Columbia Waterside Restaurant, 10207 Wincopin Circle, Columbia, MD.

Under the terms of the partnership agreement, The Columbia Bank will create an in-school bank for Stevens Forest Elementary students. Selected fourth and fifth grade students will be trained as tellers to collect deposits from their fellow classmates and learn how a local institution operates. The Columbia Bank representatives also will provide workshops about money management, the value of money, and the importance of saving for the future.

Howard County Board of Education member Sandra French and Stevens Forest Elementary School Principal Ron Morris will join The Columbia Bank Branch Manager Desirae Thorpe to sign the formal partnership agreement at the November 19 event.

The Columbia Bank (www.thecolumbiabank.com), headquartered in Columbia, Md., is a full service community bank with more than $2 billion in assets and operates 38 banking offices in Anne Arundel, Baltimore, Cecil, Frederick, Howard, Montgomery, Prince George’s, and Washington counties and Baltimore City. The Columbia Bank is an affiliate of Fulton Financial Corporation, a $16.5 billion financial holding company based in Lancaster, Pa.

The Howard County Public School System’s Partnerships Office (www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership) unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.