---
ID: 3775
post_title: >
  Howard County Schools-Smoothie King
  Partnership to Encourage Healthy
  Lifestyles
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-03-19 00:00:32
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/03/2012-172/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-172
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Public School System and Smoothie King will work together in a new partnership that will encourage healthy lifestyles among students in several HCPSS schools. The collaboration will be formalized with an official signing Friday, March 22 at 3:30 p.m. at Smoothie King, 8874 McGaw Road, Columbia.

The partnership — which affects students at Oakland Mills High School, Lake Elkhorn and Oakland Mills middle schools, and Cradlerock, Jeffers Hill, Stevens Forest, Talbott Springs and Thunder Hill elementary schools — will provide education and positive reinforcement that encourages students to make positive choices in all aspects of their lives, and help students understand that a person's well-being is directly related to their actions, behaviors, health and attitudes.

Under the terms of the partnership, the HCPSS and Smoothie King will jointly offer a variety of activities and incentives to encourage students and staff to make healthy choices. Smoothie King will also display student artwork in the store. Howard County Board of Education member Ellen Flynn Giles will join administrators from each of the partner schools and Smoothie King Franchisee Tisha Skinner to sign the collaboration agreement at the March 22 event.

The Howard County Public School System's <a href="http://www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership/">Partnerships Office</a> unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.

<a href="http://www.smoothieking.com/" target="_blank">Smoothie King</a> mixes real fruit, nutrients and proteins to offer a nutritional smoothie, along with a wide selection of healthy snacks and nutritional products. With more than 600 locations throughout the United States and internationally, the company is committed to helping people live healthier lives through nutrition.