---
ID: 463
post_title: >
  Board of Education Honors Friends of
  Education
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-04-11 00:00:09
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/04/2012-185/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-185
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Board of Education will recognize A-OK Mentoring-Tutoring, Inc.,  Dr. John P. Hussman, Sofiac, and the Columbia Triathlon Association with Friends of Education Awards at the 4 p.m. Board meeting today. The Friends of Education Award was established in 2001 to salute exemplary volunteer contributions of time and talent that directly support academic achievement and safe learning environments for the HCPSS. Friends of Education Award nominees and recipients will be honored with a reception at 3:30 p.m. preceding the presentation ceremony.

<em>A-OK (Assist Our Kids) Mentoring-Tutoring, Inc.</em>

A-OK is a nonprofit organization and partner of HCPSS. Its mission is to enhance the successful academic and social development of individual students through the encouraging, ongoing support of adult mentor-tutors. A-OK recruits, screens, supports, and trains volunteers who meet with students one-on-one and in small groups during school and in HCPSS after-school programs.

<em>Dr. John P. Hussman</em>

Since early 2000, Dr. Hussman has supported the HCPSS through his contribution to Designing Quality Inclusive Education, a project that supports schools in providing academic rigor to meet performance standards for all students. Hussman's vision of inclusive education has aided the HCPSS in providing meaningful instruction to students in the least restrictive environment. Hussman's support has helped HCPSS achieve national recognition for embracing students with special needs and fostering inclusive education.

<em>Sofiac</em>

Sofiac, a software services company, has educated, mentored and motivated Howard County students since becoming an HCPSS partner in 2007. Its partnership program has grown from offering a few in-class lectures on technology, to mentoring small groups of students performing real software and web-development projects, to offering weekend computer workshops.

<em>Columbia Triathlon Association (TriColumbia)</em>

TriColumbia is a non-profit Columbia-based association that supports athletes and the community. Through its Learn2Tri program, students at participating schools explore swimming, biking, and running while developing the skills and confidence to maintain an active lifestyle. Learn2Tri allows students to experience the joy associated with fun-filled activities while becoming healthy. The program was conceived to address the concern about the rapid rise of obesity and inactivity among young children and teens.