---
ID: 401
post_title: >
  SUBWAY Partners with Schools to
  Encourage Positive Choices
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-05-20 00:00:43
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/05/2012-216/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-216
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Public School System and SUBWAY will work together in a new partnership that will encourage healthy lifestyles among students in several HCPSS schools. The collaboration will be formalized with an official signing Tuesday, May 21 at 10 a.m. at SUBWAY, 8765 Centre Park Drive, Columbia.

The partnership—which affects students at Howard and Oakland Mills High Schools, Ellicott Mills Middle, and Phelps Luck and Thunder Hill Elementary Schools—will provide education and positive reinforcement that encourages students to make positive choices in all aspects of their lives, and help students understand that a person’s well-being is directly related to their actions, behaviors, health and attitudes.

Under the terms of the partnership, the HCPSS and SUBWAY will jointly offer a variety of activities and incentives to support students’ academic, attendance, and/or behavioral goals.  SUBWAY also will explore internship opportunities for highly motivated high school students.

Administrators from each of the partner schools and SUBWAY franchisees Dipika Chawla and Smurti Nebhnani will sign a collaboration agreement at the May 21 event.

The Howard County Public School System’s <a href="http://www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership">Partnerships Office</a> unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.

SUBWAY is committed to providing a wide range of great tasting, healthier food choices while reducing its environmental footprint and creating a positive influence in the communities served around the world.