---
ID: 3771
post_title: >
  HCPSS Team Places Third in National
  Culinary Competition
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-05-03 00:00:01
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/05/2012-203/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-203
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
A combined team from the HCPSS Applications &amp; Research Lab (ARL) and Howard High School won third place at the 12th annual National ProStart Invitational, a nationwide culinary and hospitality management competition for high schools. The competition was held April 19-21 in Baltimore. The ARL/Howard 3rd place finish is the highest any Maryland team has placed in the national competition.

The ARL/Howard team qualified for the national competition when they won first place in the Maryland ProStart Invitational in March. The team includes Emma Spalding, Natalie Singleton, Darcey Bodziony, Jessica Green and Kiran Martin (Maryland ProStart Student of the Year). Teachers Rhonda Lang (ARL) and Dayna Spoto (Howard High) worked as mentors, and Chef Marc Dixon of Bistro Blanc helped develop the menu and guide the students.

The HCPSS culinary program teaches students the restaurant and food services industry from the ground up, from prepping and cooking to service and management. Students learn how to create new recipes, prepare and plate amazing dishes, all while keeping a close eye on costs, sanitation and service. Graduates are ready to start in the food services industry and head to college as culinary, baking and pastry, or hospitality majors.