---
ID: 356
post_title: >
  Board Announces Tentative Agreements
  with Four Bargaining Units
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-06-20 00:00:00
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/06/2012-238/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-238
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Board of Education announced today that it has reached tentative agreements with four of the five bargaining units representing HCPSS employees. Under the tentative agreements, employees will receive a full step increase in salary in FY14.

"Our employees are largely responsible for our school system's success and adequate compensation plays a key role in being able to attract and retain qualified staff," noted Board of Education Chairman Frank Aquino. "We are pleased that, despite budgetary pressures, we are able to compensate staff appropriately."

The agreements reflect months of dedicated effort on the part of the negotiating teams to develop contracts that are fiscally viable.

"We have incredibly dedicated, hard-working, and effective employees.  It's important to me that all of our employees are compensated appropriately," stated Superintendent Renee A. Foose. "I am pleased that we were able to increase salaries in this challenging fiscal climate."

The tentative agreements are for the following bargaining units and associations:
<ul>
	<li>American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), representing custodial, maintenance, grounds and warehouse staff.</li>
	<li>Howard County Administrators Association (HCAA), representing school-based administrators, administrative interns, instructional facilitators and athletics and activities managers.</li>
	<li>Howard County Education Association-Educational Support Professionals (HCEA-ESP), representing paraeducators and paraprofessionals.</li>
	<li>Howard County School Food Service Association (FSA), representing cafeteria and satellite food and nutrition service managers.</li>
</ul>
The Board of Education will formally ratify and sign the agreements during the regularly scheduled Board meeting on June 27, 2013.  Prior to Board ratification, each agreement will be amended to reflect specific salary scale adjustments, and language will be added or clarified to more fully reflect the important work performed by school system employees. Bargaining unit members are currently in the process of ratifying their respective agreements.

Negotiations with the Howard County Education Association (HCEA), representing teachers and other non-supervisory certificated employees, are ongoing. Meetings with the Howard County Home and Hospital Teachers Association are on hold, pending the results of a Home and Hospital program review that is currently underway.