---
ID: 256
post_title: >
  7th Annual HCPSS ADHD Event with Dr.
  Richard Guare to be Held Oct. 7
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-09-19 00:00:25
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/09/42/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-042
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Public School Systems welcomes all members of the community to its annual ADHD Awareness Evening, Monday, Oct. 7 from 7-9 p.m. at Centennial High School, 4300 Centennial Ln., Ellicott City.

This year’s free event will feature Dr. Richard Guare, who will focus on The Role of Executive Functions in the Home and Classroom. Attendees will have the opportunity to learn about executive functions, such as organizational skills, attention and emotional control; the critical role these play with children and students; and the strategies to improve them.

Dr. Guare is a clinical neuropsychologist, board-certified behavior analyst, and expert on diagnosis and intervention for children and adults with ADHD, learning disabilities, acquired brain injury and autism spectrum disorders. He currently serves as the director of the Center for Learning and Attention Disorders at Seacoast Mental Health Center and has co-authored a number of books on executive dysfunction.

Pre-registration is not required. The event is sponsored by the HCPSS; CHADD of Greater Baltimore; the Learning Disability Association of America, Howard County Chapter; and Individual Differences in Learning. Funding was provided by CHADD of Greater Baltimore in memory of Karen A. Cruise, Ph.D., a psychologist who helped many Howard County children and served as the Coordinator of CHADD of Greater Baltimore.
<div></div>