---
ID: 3774
post_title: HCPSS Announces Commencement Dates
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-04-15 00:00:35
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/04/2012-187/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-187
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
<em>Friday, May 24</em>
<ul>
	<li>8:00 a.m. — Centennial HS (school opens at 10:30 a.m.)</li>
	<li>11:30 a.m. — Glenelg HS (school closes at 10:45 a.m.)</li>
	<li>4:00 p.m. — Atholton HS</li>
</ul>
<em>Tuesday, May 28</em>
<ul>
	<li>12:00 noon — Reservoir HS (school closes at 10:45 a.m.)</li>
	<li>4:00 p.m. — Oakland Mills HS</li>
	<li>8:00 p.m. — Marriotts Ridge HS</li>
</ul>
<em>Wednesday, May 29</em>
<ul>
	<li>9:30 a.m. — Cedar Lane School (Commencement ceremony will be at Cedar Lane School.)</li>
	<li>12:00 noon — Mt. Hebron HS (school closes at 10:45 a.m.)</li>
	<li>4:00 p.m. — Howard HS</li>
	<li>8:00 p.m. — Wilde Lake HS</li>
</ul>
<em>Thursday, May 30</em>
<ul>
	<li>12:00 noon — Hammond HS (school closes at 10:45 a.m.)</li>
	<li>4:00 p.m. — River Hill HS</li>
	<li>8:00 p.m. — Long Reach HS</li>
</ul>
All commencements will take place at Merriweather Post Pavilion. The full schedule, including parking and drop-off directions, can be found on our <a href="http://www.hcpss.org/schools/commencement/">2013 Commencement</a> Web Page.

Many parents have asked why the graduation schedule announcement was delayed this year. Merriweather Post Pavilion has generously provided use of its facility for HCPSS graduations for more than 20 years. The HCPSS greatly values the availability of this venue, which is the only local facility that can accommodate more than 3,000 people, allowing students to invite multiple family members and friends. The terms of our joint agreement maintain Merriweather's right to schedule concerts in the late May-early June timeframe until April 15. In prior years, the facility has often been able to provide the graduation schedule before that date, but could not do so this year.

All graduation ceremonies for the Class of 2013 will be broadcast on HCPSS TV within hours of each event, and several times over the following days. Check the <a href="http://www.hcpss.org/schools/commencement/">2013 Commencement</a> page for the broadcast schedule.

The 12 commencements will also be available on demand on the <a href="http://hcpsstv.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=2" target="_blank">HCPSS TV Web Site</a> within hours of each ceremony.

Although the webcast cannot be downloaded and taped, videos can be ordered by sending a check for $20 per DVD, payable to HCPSS, to Ronnie Bohn, HCPSS, 10910 Clarksville Pike, Ellicott City, MD 21042. Please include the following information: Quantity requested; graduation (school) requested; name, mailing address, phone, and email address.