---
ID: 425
post_title: >
  The Policy Committee of the Board of
  Education will meet at 3:00 p.m., on
  Monday, May 20, 2013, in Conference Room
  ML2 at the Department of Education,
  10910 Clarksville Pike in Ellicott City.
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-05-03 00:00:03
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/05/2012-204/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-204
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
Three HCPSS students are leading Food for Tomorrow, an initiative to raise awareness about hunger in Howard County. The students are hosting Feed a Family, Fill a Ford food collection on May 11 from 9 a.m.-3 p.m. at Wegmans in Columbia.

The Food for Tomorrow leadership team is comprised of Jadon Ramsing, Wilde Lake High School; Matt Keimig, Centennial High School; and Ben Fisher, Atholton High School. The three are participating in the HCPSS Mentorship Program.

The student-led project will focus on community food collections. Specific items needed at this time of the year include ingredients to prepare a meal or prepared foods, baking supplies, breakfast choices, and baby and personal care items. Monetary donations also are accepted and may be made through May 15 on the Community Action Council's website and scrolling down to Fill the Ford.

A second student-led project will take place on June 2 from noon-4 p.m. at Giant Food in Hickory Ridge. That collection will focus on food items for families during the summer months.

Food for Tomorrow is a program of the Community Action Council of Howard County, in conjunction with the office of Howard County Councilwoman Mary Kay Sigaty. Since its inception in 2011, Food for Tomorrow has raised more than $22,000 and five tons of food. The Feed a Family, Fill a Ford event is being held in partnership with Wegmans and Apple Ford.