---
ID: 340
post_title: >
  HCPSS Superintendent Recognizes
  Students, Staff at June 27 Board Meeting
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-07-08 00:00:50
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/07/2/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-002
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
HCPSS Superintendent Dr. Renee Foose recognized the following school, staff and student achievements at the Board of Education meeting June 27:

<em>Students:</em>
Hammond High School sophomore Jordan Katz was recognized with the Washington Post's 2013 Emerging Young Journalist Award. The award is given to one sophomore whose work demonstrates an aptitude for high school or community journalism. Katz is the sports editor for the Hammond High newspaper, "The Bear Press."

Twelve HCPSS students visited White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough and five of his predecessors at the White House on June 11 for a discussion about life behind the scenes with the president. The students joined others from Washington, D.C., Prince George's County, and Prince William County public schools, as well as from Philadelphia Public Schools. The event was hosted by the White House and Discovery Education.

The HCPSS students were Shakira Dineshkumar, Salva Hasan, Akbar Masood, Tariq Masood, Raisa Raug, Sean Kim and Matthew Keating from Atholton High School; Mikal Walcott from Reservoir High School; Silas Dustin and Matthew Kenneth from River Hill High School; and Michaela Tummings and Elisha Miller from Wilde Lake High School.

<em>Staff:</em>
Close to 200 employees retired from the school system this year. Collectively, they represent 4,485 total years of service, including 12 retirees who each had 40 years of service. "That they chose to stay with the school system through the end of their careers speaks highly of their dedication to our students and to our common goals," said Dr. Foose.