---
ID: 548
post_title: Board of Education Adopted Budget
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2013-02-21 00:00:50
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2013/02/2012-144/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2012-144
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Board of Education adopted the Fiscal Year 2014 Board of Education's requested operating budget today. This request of just under $735 million is $13.9 million greater than the Superintendent's initial budget request of $721 million, which was essentially a Maintenance of Effort budget.

"It's always been my belief that the Board has to put forth a budget that it believes is appropriate to fulfill it's mission," stated Board Chairman Frank Aquino. "I think we've taken a pretty good step this year to do that."

Most of the increase is a placeholder for negotiated agreements, which are currently underway. This addition was not possible in the initial request due to uncertainty about federal and state revenue sources.

"It was always our intent -- always -- to recognize the hard work that our employees do and to be sure that you have the tools, the resources, the money- everything you need - so that our children can be at the very top," stated Board Member, Ann De Lacy.

The majority of funding in the budget request goes directly to schools and classrooms. It reflects the school system's highest priority of giving teachers the tools and support they need so that their time can be spent in the classroom helping students learn.

"…This is a responsible and responsive budget," stated Board Member Ellen Flynn Giles. "It recognizes the fiscal reality but puts money in the classroom in support of our teachers and the learning of our students. I think we have a budget that the county should be proud to support."

The Board of Education's adopted budget also provides increased funding for systemic classroom enhancements, professional and organizational development, math and literacy coaches, middle school athletic and academic activities, seven new nurses, and increased funding for school safety.

Board Member, Cindy Vaillancourt, explained that the increases to the budget will help the school system move forward. "Do you want to stand still or do you want to move forward? ...To move forward in the direction that we have asked our new superintendent to take us, it is going to require what we have added to this budget request and then some."

Superintendent Dr. Renee A. Foose stated that she will continue to advocate for the additional funding above Maintenance of Effort in the coming months as the county reviews the budget request. "I remain highly committed to valuing our staff for the dedicated and hard-working professionals that they are," stated Foose. "As the negotiations and budget processes are now simultaneously underway, I intend to work collaboratively with the County Executive to look for this additional money to support all staff."