---
ID: 56
post_title: >
  Partnership Provides Nonprofit Board
  Training for Finance Students
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-02-12 00:00:55
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/02/144/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-144
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
Leadership Howard County is partnering with the HCPSS Applications and Research Lab (ARL) to provide nonprofit board training for Academy of Finance students. The partnership will be formalized with an official signing Tues., Feb. 18 at 8:30 a.m. at the Applications and Research Lab, 10920 Clarksville Pike, Ellicott City.

Under the terms of the partnership agreement, Leadership Howard County will provide Youth on Board training for Academy of Finance students by introducing them to board roles and responsibilities and providing opportunities to become board members in the nonprofit community. In line with the <em>Vision 2018</em> HCPSS strategic plan, this partnership supports critical thinking and problem solving instruction, real-world learning experiences, and student engagement in the learning process.

The Academy of Finance is one of 12 academies based at the ARL, a career and technology learning center for Howard County high school students. The Academy of Finance introduces students to career opportunities in business and finance. Students develop relationships with local business leaders and apply their skills through internships. They also interact with business professionals who serve as mentors.

Leadership Howard County Board Chair Mary Cannon, President/CEO Stacie Hunt, and Consultant Mimi O'Donnell will join Howard County Board of Education Chair Ellen Flynn Giles, HCPSS Deputy Superintendent Linda Wise, Chief of Staff Susan Mascaro, ARL Principal Drew Cockley and HCPSS representatives to sign the partnership agreement at the February 18 event.

<a href="http://www.leadershiphc.org">Leadership Howard County</a> empowers individuals to strengthen and transform the community, and is a critical force in preparing and inspiring leaders for Howard County.

The <a href="http://www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership/">Howard County Public School System's Partnerships Office</a> unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.