---
ID: 62
post_title: >
  Dunloggin Middle School – Whirlz
  Yogurt Bar Partnership to Encourage
  Positive Choices
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-02-11 00:00:42
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/02/141/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-141
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
Whirlz Yogurt Bar is partnering with Dunloggin Middle School to provide recognition for students and staff. The partnership will be formalized with an official signing Wed., Feb. 12 at 1 p.m. at Whirlz Yogurt Bar &amp; Crepes, 4725 Dorsey Hall Dr., Suite F, Ellicott City.

Under the terms of the partnership agreement, Whirlz Yogurt Bar will provide recognition certificates for students who achieve academic or behavioral goals, and will participate in school events such as Teacher Appreciation Week and the school’s Fun Day. Whirlz Yogurt Bar also will collaborate with Dunloggin Middle School Family and Consumer Sciences staff to teach students about the rewards and challenges of running a business. In line with the Vision 2018 HCPSS strategic plan, this partnership supports career exploration and student and staff well-being.

Howard County Board of Education Vice Chairwoman Ann De Lacy and Board Member Sandra French will join Dunloggin Middle School Principal Jeffrey Fink and Whirlz Yogurt Bar Owner Bryan Manning to sign the formal partnership agreement at the February 12 event.

Whirlz Yogurt Bar, a locally owned and operated family business, carries an extensive range of healthy, premium all natural frozen yogurt products, flavors and toppings.

The Howard County Public School System’s Partnerships Office (<a href="http://www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership/" target="_blank">www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership</a>) unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.