---
ID: 3822
post_title: >
  County Education Budget Proposal Fully
  Funds Board Request
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-04-22 00:00:03
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/04/191/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-191
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The $530.4 million in county funding requested by the Howard County Board of Education in its FY 2015 operating budget proposal has been fully funded in the operating budget request released yesterday by Howard County Executive Ken Ulman. The request represents an increase of 6.6 percent over the prior year in funding received from the county, the largest amount ever allocated to the Howard County Public School System.

The most significant line item is a placeholder of $21.4 million for employee salary increases, an amount that allows for a salary increase of up to 5 percent for all employee groups. The exact amount of the increase will be determined through the negotiation process, which is ongoing. Board members and the Superintendent have pledged their commitment to investing in employees, considered the system’s greatest asset.

“I’ve said it many times, but it can’t be overstated: The most talented and committed team of educators, anywhere, are right here in Howard County. They are the backbone of this school system,” said Superintendent Renee A. Foose.

The budget also includes funding to staff new Thomas Viaduct Middle School, slated to open in fall 2014, to launch a model elementary school initiative in five schools, and to fund other priorities of the HCPSS strategic plan.

“These investments will propel our system’s progress in providing the kind of educational program that our students deserve and our community expects—where every child is inspired to learn, challenged to grow and empowered to reach their goals,” said Board Chairman Ellen Flynn Giles.

The Howard County Council will hold public hearings on the FY 2015 budget next week, with public input on education funding slated for Monday, April 28.