---
ID: 1085
post_title: >
  Proove Biosciences Partnership Offers
  Biotechnology Internship Opportunities
  for Students
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-04-29 00:00:10
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/04/198/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-198
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
A new partnership between Proove Biosciences and Howard County Public School System will provide internship opportunities for high school students in one of the fastest growing fields in today’s scientific community. The partnership will be formalized with an official signing Tuesday, April 29 at 3:00 p.m. at Proove Biosciences, 10820 Guilford Road, Suite 201, Annapolis Junction.

Under the terms of the partnership agreement, Proove Biosciences will collaborate with HCPSS Academic Offices to explore internship opportunities in government, public policy, graphics design, marketing and communications, technology, manufacturing and logistics. Proove Biosciences also will provide classroom presentations on topics such as biotechnology trends, entrepreneurship and career readiness. In line with the Vision 2018 strategic plan, this partnership provides opportunities for students to explore and prepare for specialized careers.

Proove Biosciences (www.proovebio.com), a Personalized Pain Medicine laboratory, provides proprietary genetic testing services to help physicians improve outcomes for patients and contain costs for insurers. Proove Biosciences is the research leader investigating and publishing data on the genetics of pain medicine with clinical research sites across the United States.

The Howard County Public School System’s Partnerships Office (<a href="www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership">www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership</a>) unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.