---
ID: 1120
post_title: >
  HCPSS to Unveil New Elementary School
  Model Initiative at May 15 Event
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-05-12 00:00:16
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/05/207/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-207
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Public School System will publicly launch a new Elementary School Model program at a press event May 15. HCPSS Superintendent Dr. Renee A. Foose will be joined by County Executive Ken Ulman and County Council Chairman Calvin Ball to announce this exciting initiative.

The Elementary School Model inspires and engages students, and nurtures the intellectual, social, emotional and physical development of the whole child. The model includes full day Pre-K for eligible students, world language instruction, departmentalization, strengths development, and enhanced wellness services. The model incorporates some of the programming launched at Ducketts Lane Elementary School this year and will be brought to five new schools for the 2014-15 school year: Bryant Woods, Phelps Luck, Running Brook, Stevens Forest, and Talbott Springs.

A reception in the Running Brook Media Center will immediately follow the press conference.

<strong>Who: </strong>Howard County Executive Ken Ulman, Howard County Council Chair Dr. Calvin Ball, Howard County Public School System Superintendent Dr. Renee Foose

<strong>What:</strong> Press conference on new Elementary School Model

<strong>Where: </strong>Running Brook Elementary School, 5215 W. Running Brook, Columbia

<strong>When: </strong>Thursday, May 15, 10 a.m.