---
ID: 1101
post_title: >
  HCPSS Homeland Security Students Present
  Evacuation Plan at State Emergency
  Meeting
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-05-02 00:00:20
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/05/201/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-201
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
Howard County Public School System students enrolled in the system’s Applications and Research Lab Homeland Security and Emergency Management Academy yesterday presented their capstone project work at a meeting of state emergency directors.

The meeting was co-sponsored by the Howard County Community Emergency Response Network (CERN) and the Maryland Emergency Management Agency to discuss the findings of a grant awarded to CERN by the Federal Emergency Management Agency. The grant examined how community residents could protect themselves if a nuclear strike were to occur in Washington, D.C.

The HCPSS students reported on the important role they played in assessing more than 3,000 non-residential buildings in the county for nuclear fallout protections. Using ArcMap geospatial processing program and Pictometry aerial image capturing, students analyzed and graded properties, and created maps and route analysis results.

“It was very exciting for both the ARL students and staff to be a part of this real world project,” said ARL Principal Drew Cockley. “The students were engaged right from the start when they learned that their work would be shared with professionals to help develop a true emergency plan.”

“We are very proud of the groundbreaking work our ARL students did, and know we will see many more great things from this Academy,” said HCPSS Superintendent Renee Foose. “Taking students out of the classroom and into the real word adds significant value to their work, and benefits the entire Howard County community.”

“This is a terrific example of the type of partnership that makes our community such a unique place,” said Howard County Executive Ken Ulman. “It recognizes the talent among our county government workforce and in our school system. Our residents will be safer and better prepared because of this project. It was a unique undertaking that will serve as a model for others.”

"This project exemplifies the type of close coordination that keeps Howard County prepared,” CERN President Mary Lasky said. “CERN worked closely with the Howard County Public School System and four county departments to engage the important issue of nuclear terrorism, and appreciates the Howard County Office of Emergency Management’s role in helping facilitate this.”

The project's lead consultant, Dr. Richard Krieg, added: "I'm proud of the ARL students. They helped develop a national model to assess which buildings in a community provide the best nuclear fallout protection. We believe that the methodology itself, and the use of students to perfect it, is a first for the country."

The ARL is the Career and Technology High School for Howard County Public Schools. The ARL offers centralized academy programs in unique content areas with many opportunities for internships and real world experiences. More information is available at http://arl.hcpss.org.