---
ID: 1162
post_title: >
  Zeta Phi Beta Sorority Partnership to
  Support Student Well-Being
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-06-09 00:00:14
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/06/218/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-218
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Inc. Lambda Gamma Zeta Chapter is partnering with the Howard County Public School System to foster academic excellence, increase student self-esteem and develop leadership skills for HCPSS students. The partnership will be formalized with an official signing Monday, June 9 at 8:30 a.m. at Eggspectation, 6010 University Blvd., Ellicott City.

Under the terms of the partnership agreement, the sorority will host a prom formal wear event for eligible Howard County students who may have difficulty obtaining prom attire. The sorority also will provide opportunities for students to apply for the Zeta Phi Beta Sorority W. Ruth Conway Scholarship, which is available for Howard County African American high school seniors who demonstrate a commitment to community service. The partnership supports the well-being of students and families in alignment with the Vision 2018 HCPSS strategic plan.

Howard County Board of Education Member Sandra French will join Zeta Phi Beta Sorority President Tamika Daniels to sign the formal partnership agreement at the June 9 event.

The members of Lambda Gamma Zeta Chapter of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Inc. serve Howard County residents by providing scholarships for higher education to deserving African American high school seniors, sponsoring health fairs, promoting political awareness, and supporting Hope Works as well as other civic organizations.

The Howard County Public School System’s Partnerships Office (www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership) unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.

For more information, contact Partnerships Office Manager Mary Schiller at 410-313-6655 or mary_schiller@hcpss.org.