---
ID: 974
post_title: >
  HCPSS Educators Honored by Washington
  Post
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-04-11 00:00:05
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/04/185/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-185
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Washington Post recently honored two Howard County Public School System educators. Howard High School Principal Gina Massella was given the 2014 Distinguished Educational Leader Award, and Hammond High School social studies teacher Jody Zepp was given the Agnes Meyer Outstanding Teacher Award.

The Distinguished Educational Leader Award recognizes the combination of the principal's ability to manage, interest in staff and students, respect for learning, and vision of the future that set the tone for the school's efforts to educate our children. The Agnes Meyer Outstanding Teacher Awards recognizes teachers who exemplify excellence in their profession.

Gina Massella has served as principal since 2004. Colleagues and staff describe her as one who embraces change and takes an active role in seeing it through. She is a dedicated educational leader who gives every student and staff member opportunities to learn and succeed. Through Massella’s leadership, there has been a marked improvement in academic achievement and the culture at Howard High School.

Supervisors and colleagues describe Jody Zepp as a dedicated teacher who demonstrates commitment to teaching and to the needs of her students. She serves as a leader at Hammond High School, heading up several projects including Maryland State Econ Challenge State Champions and C-SPAN Student Cam Documentary Award. She also launched the Academy of Government, Law &amp; Public Administration program, and is co-founder of the Advanced Placement Boot Camp.

Several HCPSS partners donated gifts to Massella and Zepp in recognition of their honors, including Larriland Farm, the Maryland Science Center, Massage Envy Spa in Columbia, Mosquito Joe, Second Chance Saloon, Terrapin Adventures, Toby’s Dinner Theatre and Turf Valley.

The Washington Post Educational Foundation gives the awards annually. Winners for school systems throughout the Washington, D.C., region are selected through internal competitions. The winners will be honored during awards ceremonies at The Washington Post in May.