---
ID: 1103
post_title: >
  HCPSS Students to Explore Business and
  Entrepreneurship through Sport Clips
  Partnership
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-05-05 00:00:27
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/05/202/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-202
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
A new partnership between Sport Clips and the Howard County Public School System will provide an opportunity for students to explore the world of business and will encourage positive choices. The partnership will be formalized with an official signing Tuesday, May 6 at 4 p.m. at Sport Clips, 11085 Resort Road, Suite #402, Ellicott City.

Under the terms of the partnership agreement, Sport Clips representatives will collaborate with 10 HCPSS schools to teach students about entrepreneurship and the responsibilities of running a retail business. Sport Clips also will provide opportunities for internships and will provide recognition for students who achieve academic, attendance or behavioral goals. In line with the Vision 2018 HCPSS strategic plan, this partnership supports career exploration and preparation for specialized careers.

Principals from participating schools will join Sport Clips partners Michael Hassett and Roger Gauert to sign the formal partnership agreement at the May 6 event.

Sport Clips Haircuts is a sports-themed hair-care franchise for men and boys with more than 1,200 stores across the United States. The company is one of the nation’s leading franchises.

The Howard County Public School System’s Partnerships Office (<a href="http://www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership/">www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership</a>) unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.