---
ID: 1058
post_title: >
  Howard County Board of Education Passes
  Revised Wellness Policy
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-04-11 00:00:41
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/04/186/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-186
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Board of Education yesterday adopted a revised Policy 9090 Wellness Through Nutrition and Physical Activity. The Board first began reviewing revised policy in the spring of 2013, followed by work sessions, updated Board reports and two public hearings. The adopted policy can be found online at http://hcpssne.ws/BOE9090.

With the revised policy, HCPSS becomes one of the few public school systems in the state to adopt Institute of Medicine (IOM) Nutritional Standards as its own.

Phase I of the policy was put in place May 9, 2013 and includes:
<ul>
	<li>Breakfast available in all schools</li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li>Recess may not be taken away as punishment.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li>Foods/beverages will not be offered as a reward or withheld as a punishment</li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li>Vending machines – allowed at high school level only, after school day ends. All selections must comply with Institute of Medicine (IOM) Nutritional Standards.</li>
</ul>
With the adoption of the revised policy, HCPSS will begin implementation of Phase II, which includes:
<ul>
	<li>IOM Nutritional Standards adopted as HCPSS standard.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li>All food and beverages sold or given to students, including a la carte and snack/dessert items, will comply with the IOM Nutrition Standards.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li>School staff provided professional development on “brain break” strategies and activities</li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li>School celebrations involving food and beverages may be permitted by the principal no more than once per month after the end of the last lunch period, and must comply with IOM Nutrition Standards.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li>No candy, soda, or artificially flavored drinks that do not contain pure fruit juices will be sold or given without charge to students during the school day.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
	<li>Concessions are encouraged to offer healthier options, and to consider fundraisers that do not involve food and beverages.</li>
</ul>
Additionally, several areas will require long-term study and collaboration beyond policy involvement. These include recess, time for physical education class, intramurals, school day end time definition, and after-school food sales.