---
ID: 3826
post_title: >
  HCPSS-Master Gardeners Partnership to
  Teach Sustainable Horticultural
  Practices
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-04-29 00:00:03
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/04/197/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-197
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The University of Maryland Extension Howard County Master Gardeners has partnered with the Howard County Public School System to provide students with opportunities to apply and expand their knowledge about sustainable horticulture and the local environment. The partnership will be formalized with an official signing Thursday, April 10 at 8:30 a.m. at the Sheraton Columbia Waterside Restaurant, 10207 Wincopin Circle, Columbia.

Under the terms of the partnership agreement, the Master Gardeners will collaborate with HCPSS Elementary and Secondary Science Offices to offer educational programs on topics including conservation practices, composting, local foods, watersheds, gardening, native plants, and the environment. The Master Gardeners also will assist Howard County public schools in becoming green school certified by the Maryland Association for Environmental &amp; Outdoor Education and will collaborate with school staff to maintain rain gardens.

In line with HCPSS’ <em>Vision 2018</em> strategic plan, this partnership provides authentic learning experiences and supports students in developing creativity, innovation, problem-solving, and critical thinking skills.

Howard County Board of Education Member Sandra French, HCPSS Chief of Staff Susan Mascaro, Acting Coordinator of Elementary Science Amy Reese and Coordinator of Secondary Science Mary Weller will join Faculty Extension Assistant and Master Gardener Coordinator Georgia Eacker and Youth Education Coordinator Janice Winter to sign the formal partnership agreement at the April 10 event.

The University of Maryland Extension Howard County Master Gardener Program educates residents about safe, effective, and sustainable horticultural practices that build healthy gardens, landscapes, and communities.

The Howard County Public School System’s Partnerships Office (<a href="http://www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership/" target="_blank">www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership</a>) unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.