---
ID: 1168
post_title: >
  African American Community Roundtable
  Partnership Supports Student Academic
  and Personal Achievement
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-06-12 00:00:09
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/06/220/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-220
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Public School System will sign a new partnership with the African American Community Roundtable (AACR) that will offer opportunities to develop greater collaboration and increase student academic and personal achievement. The partnership will be formalized with an official signing Friday, June 13 at 8:30 a.m. at the Sheraton Columbia Waterside Restaurant, 10207 Wincopin Circle.

Under the terms of the partnership agreement, the AACR will collaborate with HCPSS to hold an annual community forum and will support HCPSS programs and initiatives that focus on eliminating achievement gaps and promote the well-being of Howard County students and families. Representatives from the AACR also will meet quarterly with the HCPSS Superintendent and Deputy Superintendent to foster mutual understanding and respect.

The HCPSS will work with the AACR to increase awareness and participation among African-American students in the variety of educational opportunities available and will share information about resources and events that help increase academic and personal achievement. The partnership supports equitable access to a rigorous instructional program and the elimination of achievement gaps in alignment with the Vision 2018 HCPSS strategic plan.

Howard County Board of Education Chair Ellen Flynn Giles, Board Vice Chair Ann De Lacy, Board Member Sandra French, HCPSS Superintendent Renee Foose and Deputy Superintendent Linda Wise will join African American Community Roundtable President Candace Dodson Reed, 1st Vice President Larry Walker and 2nd Vice President Reverend Robert Turner to sign the formal partnership agreement at the June 13 event.

The African American Community Roundtable aims to increase academic and personal achievement to eliminate the disparities in demographics related to academic achievement, promote healthy living in the African-American community in Howard County and utilize technology to share information and call to action.

The Howard County Public School System’s Partnerships Office (www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership) unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.

For more information, contact Partnerships Office Manager Mary Schiller at 410-313-6655 or mary_schiller@hcpss.org.