---
ID: 1081
post_title: >
  HCPSS Honors Outstanding Teachers, Staff
  with School System Awards
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-04-25 00:00:50
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/04/196/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-196
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
Howard County Public School System Superintendent Renee A. Foose recognized several teachers and staff members with the school system’s Crystal Flame Awards at the April 24 Board of Education meeting. In support of the HCPSS strategic plan, Vision 2018, Fulfilling the Promise of Preparation, the Crystal Flame Award acknowledges achievements by groups or individual staff members in the four goal areas of strategic importance to the school system success.

Goal 1. Students: Every student achieves academic excellence in an inspiring, engaging, and supportive environment. The recipients were Cheryl Hartman and Florence Smith, two kindergarten paraeducators at Jeffers Hill Elementary School. Hartman and Smith developed a personalized multisensory sight word intervention for students who struggle with reading skills.

Goal 2. Staff: Every staff member is engaged, supported and successful. The award went to Jessica DiBenedetto, Janet Eldridge, Susan Beth Hamme, Raissa Howera, Faria Nazrul, Meghan Walker, and Kathleen Zimmer of the Oakland Mills Middle School Positive Climate Committee. The Committee implemented monthly activities that provided cohesiveness among staff members and a positive atmosphere.

Goal 3. Families and the Community: Families and the community are engaged and supported as partners in education. The recipient was Judy Pattik, coordinator in the Office of Special Education. Pattik was instrumental in the formation of the Howard County Interagency Transition of Council for Youth with Disabilities and serves as the chairperson. She also established the Community Transition Team, which provides meaningful post high school opportunities among other things.

Goal 4. Organization: Schools are supported by world-class organizational practices. The award went to Danielle Dunn, media specialist at Hammond High School, for her work creating an informal Homework Club that services more than 300 students a project leading to increased attendance at the school and an iPad professional leadership cohort for teachers.

Foose offered personal congratulations to all winners during surprise visits at their work locations earlier this month.