---
ID: 824
post_title: >
  Board of Education to Meet with Student
  Leaders and Hold Regular Meeting
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-02-28 00:00:32
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/02/160/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-160
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Board of Education will hold a luncheon meeting with student leaders at 12:00 p.m. on Thursday, March 13, 2014, in the Board Room at the Department of Education, 10910 Clarksville Pike in Ellicott City.

At 4:00 p.m., the Board will hold a regularly scheduled meeting in the Board Room at the same location. Both the afternoon and the evening session, which convenes at 7:30 p.m., will begin with a Public Forum, when members of the public may address the Board on any topic other than those for which a formal public hearing process exists. Advanced sign up is preferred. To sign up to speak at Public Forum, contact the Board's office at 410-313-7194

During the evening session, the Board will hold public hearing on the following:
<ul>
	<li>Policy 9090 Wellness Through Nutrition and Physical Activity</li>
</ul>
Individuals who wish to testify at the hearings are asked to limit their presentation to three minutes and to provide 15 written copies of their testimony at the time of the hearings. Pre-registration will take place during business hours prior to the hearings, up to the close of business on the last working day before the hearings.

To sign up to testify at the hearings or to speak at Public Forum, contact the Board's office at 410-313-7194Individuals who would like to request a sign language interpreter for any meeting of the Board of Education may contact Colleen Rice, Interpreter Scheduler, at 410-313-7046. A two week advanced notice is preferred.