---
ID: 3831
post_title: Board Announces Tentative Agreements
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-05-13 00:00:37
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/05/208/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-208
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Board of Education announced today that it has reached tentative agreements with two of the four bargaining units and with one association representing HCPSS employees. The tentative agreements are for the following bargaining units/association:

American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), representing custodial, maintenance, grounds and warehouse staff
Howard County Administrators Association (HCAA), representing school-based administrators, administrative interns, coordinators, instructional facilitators and athletics and activities managers
Howard County Food Service Association (FSA), representing cafeteria managers

Under the tentative agreements, employees will receive a 3 percent Cost of Living Adjustment (COLA) on July 1, 2014 and a full step increase on March 1, 2015. This FY15 Cost of Living Adjustment represents the highest known increase among the 24 public school systems across the state of Maryland. This salary increase is a part of the $530.4 million in county funding requested by the Board in its FY 2015 operating budget proposal and was fully funded in the County Executive's operating budget request last month.

"We know that our success as a school system is due to the strength of our employees," stated Board of Education Chairman Ellen Flynn Giles. "I am pleased that we are able to provide our well-deserving staff with a compensation package that leads the state."

The agreements reflect months of dedicated effort on the part of the negotiating/meet and confer teams to develop master agreements and a memorandum of understanding (MOU) that are fiscally viable.

HCPSS Superintendent Dr. Renee A. Foose commented, "These raises reflect our shared commitment to increasing compensation for our dedicated employees who work tirelessly to make sure that our students have positive, healthy, clean learning environments and top-notch programming so they can thrive. This compensation package moves us closer to my goal of making our employees the best paid in the state.”

The negotiation process is ongoing with the Howard County Education Association (HCEA), representing teachers and other non-supervisory certificated employees, and the Howard County Education Association - Educational Support Professionals (HCEA-ESP), representing paraeducators and paraprofessionals. It should be noted that the Board's operating budget request that was funded includes a placeholder of $21.4 million for employee salary increases, an amount that allows for a salary increase of up to 5 percent for all regular employee groups.