---
ID: 3839
post_title: >
  Advanced Placement exam participation
  and performance remains high
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-07-17 00:00:04
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/07/2014-15-7/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2014-15-7
---
Advanced Placement exam participation and performance remains high among students in the Howard County Public School System, according to results from the 2014 exams released by the College Board.

HCPSS is working to increase the number of students who participate in at least one AP course during high school. National research shows that students who take AP courses in high school are more likely to succeed in college, regardless of their ultimate score on the AP exam. While course participation alone benefits students, scores of 3 or higher are desirable because they are indicative of college readiness and many colleges and universities throughout the nation accept these scores for college credit.

The number of HCPSS students taking at least one AP exam continues to increase, from 4,255 in 2013 to 4,282 in 2014. The number of exams taken by these students also increased, from 9,199 in 2013 to 9,405 in 2014.

Results show that the majority of exams taken by HCPSS students – 81.4 percent in 2014 - earn scores of 3 or higher, with an impressive 25 percent of exams taken earning a 5, the highest score possible.

“I am very proud of our students for these significant achievements,” says Dr. Renee A. Foose, Superintendent of Howard County Public Schools. “Our AP program is one of the best in the country due to the hard work and dedication of our teachers and students.”