---
ID: 127
post_title: >
  Superintendent Presents Proposed
  Operating Budget for FY15
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-01-08 00:00:34
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/01/109/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-109
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
Howard County Public School System Superintendent Dr. Renee A. Foose unveiled her proposed budget for fiscal year 2015 during a special presentation to the Board of Education on Jan. 7. It is available online at <a href="http://hcpssne.ws/budgetpage">http://hcpssne.ws/budgetpage.</a>

Zero‐based budgeting was implemented for the first time in preparing the fiscal 2015 budget. Zero‐based budgets evaluate all proposed annual expenditures on the basis of strategic priorities rather than history.

“Zero-based budgeting allows for a more flexible and transparent process that fuels operational efficiencies throughout the organization,” Foose said. “In just this first year in implementing zero-based budgeting, we have already gained impressive results, and identified cost savings that can be redirected to support the goals and initiatives of the HCPSS strategic plan, Vision 2018: Fulfilling the Promise of Preparation.

The budget totals $742.0 million, a 2.3 percent increase over the FY14 budget. In the proposed budget, $512.1 million is requested from the County, an increase of 2.9 percent.

Four major categories of items contribute to the increase in the FY15 budget.
<ul>
	<li>Mandatory increases: $10 million, to fund those items that are negotiated or required by legislation.</li>
	<li>Enrollment growth: $1.2 million (instructional supplies and teachers to support expected 358 new students)</li>
	<li>Thomas Viaduct Middle School, opening fall 2014: $2.4 million, covering instructional materials and new positions</li>
	<li>New initiatives and program enhancements: 7.1 million</li>
</ul>
Of each budget dollar, 80 cents is allocated directly to fund school staff and teaching materials; 5 cents to transportation, and 11 cents for facility operation and maintenance. Central Office administration and support accounts for just 4 cents per budget dollar—representing the second lowest overhead level among school systems throughout Maryland.

There will be a public hearing on the proposed budget Jan. 30 at 7 p.m., followed by Work Sessions Feb. 4 (7 p.m.), Feb. 6 (1-5 p.m.), Feb. 11 (7 p.m.) and Feb. 18 (1-5 p.m.). The Board of Education is scheduled to adopt the FY15 Operating &amp; Capital Budgets and FY16-20 Capital Improvement Program Feb. 25 at 7:30 p.m. All hearings, work sessions and meetings will be held at the Department of Education, 10910 Clarksville Pk., Ellicott City.