---
ID: 3816
post_title: >
  HCPSS to Hold History Day Competition
  March 15
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-03-12 00:00:02
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/03/167/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-167
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Public School System will host its 10th annual History Day Competition on Sat., March 15 from 9 a.m.-3 p.m. at Reservoir High School, 11550 Scaggsville Rd., Fulton. This year’s event, which is sponsored by the HCPSS Office of Secondary Social Studies, includes 165 project entries presented by 233 students, representing 19 middle and six high schools. More than 60 teachers and staff, Board of Education members, business partners and community members will volunteer as judges to evaluate student entries.

The county History Day program is a collaborative effort among teachers, media specialists, central office staff, libraries, colleges and local historical institutions. Students in Grades 6-12 worked for many months conducting historical research on a self-selected topic that relates to this year’s National History Day theme of Rights &amp; Responsibilities in History. Each student’s History Day project was submitted for review at the school level prior to entering the countywide competition.

Students will present entries in five categories: exhibit, performance, multimedia documentary, research paper and website. HCPSS awards 1st, 2nd and 3rd place winners in each category. The top two entries in each category from the Howard County regional contest will advance to the state contest, May 3 at UMBC.