---
ID: 1211
post_title: 'HCPSS Superintendent Named Among Maryland&#8217;s Most Admired CEOs'
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-07-23 00:00:57
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/07/2014-15-8/
published: true
press:
  - 2014-15-8
---
Howard County School Superintendent Renee A. Foose has been named one of Maryland's most admired CEOs, The Daily Record announced last week. She will be honored along with 29 other Maryland-based non-profit and business leaders during an awards dinner on Sept. 18 at the BWI Hilton beginning at 5:30 p.m.

Dr. Foose is the only school system leader to be named to the annual list.

"This honor is certainly well-deserved, because Dr. Foose exemplifies all of the qualities of a visionary executive," said Ellen Flynn Giles, Chairman of the Howard County Board of Education. "The award reflects her outstanding leadership in transforming an already great school system into one that is truly world class."

Honorees were selected based on their demonstration of leadership and vision; competitiveness and innovation; community leadership and service; financial performance and growth; corporate leadership and board service; and nonprofit involvement. according to a release from The Daily Record.

"Being named a Most Admired CEO takes more than in-depth knowledge about running a company or organization. It requires an extraordinary level of drive and ambition because it is a tremendously challenging job," said Suzanne Fischer-Huettner, publisher of The Daily Record. "They have learned the value of surrounding themselves with great team members, with leaders and employees who believe in the organization's core values and mission. We at The Daily Record are honored to recognize these inspiring individuals."

Dr. Foose and the other winners will be profiled in a special magazine insert of the Sept. 19 issue of The Daily Record.