---
ID: 1176
post_title: >
  Howard County Autism Society Partnership
  to Support Students on the Autism
  Spectrum
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-06-13 00:00:16
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/06/223/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-223
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Public School System has partnered with the Howard County Autism Society (HCAS) to support educational programs and provide an increased understanding of autism among school staff and students. The longstanding relationship will be formalized with an official partnership signing Monday, June 16 at 4 p.m. at the Howard County Autism Society, 10280 Old Columbia Rd., Suite 215, Columbia.

Under the terms of the partnership agreement, the HCAS will serve as an educational resource on autism spectrum disorders and will provide input to HCPSS staff by serving on various committees, parent advisory groups and councils. The HCAS also will collaborate with the Department of Special Education and Student Services to facilitate supports offered by HCAS to families and will present information and trainings on autism spectrum disorders to HCPSS staff, parents and community members.

HCPSS will collaborate with HCAS to address the needs of students with autism when developing programs and supporting activities, will present educational programs and services at HCAS meetings, and will coordinate with HCAS to plan and host events and activities throughout the year including workshops featuring national speakers. In line with Vision 2018, this partnership includes stakeholders in school system planning processes to inform actions and decisions.

Howard County Board of Education Chair Ellen Flynn Giles, Board Member Sandra French, HCPSS Superintendent Renee A. Foose and Executive Director of Special Education and Student Services Patricia Daley will join Howard County Autism Society Board President Roger Thibaudeau Jr. and Executive Director Judy Grusso to sign the formal partnership agreement at the June 16 event.

The Howard County Autism Society provides information, support, and advocacy, and promotes awareness of autism. It works to improve the quality of and access to services and educational opportunities.

The Howard County Public School System’s Partnerships Office (www.hcpss.org/aboutus/partnership) unites businesses and community organizations with schools to enhance the educational experience. Partnerships benefit schools, businesses, and the entire community by leveraging the resources of all participants. Partners may commit human or financial resources or other support.

For more information, contact Partnerships Office Manager Mary Schiller at 410-313-6655 or mary_schiller@hcpss.org.