---
ID: 1130
post_title: >
  New Howard County Elementary School
  Model Inspires, Engages Students
author: mkittleman
post_date: 2014-05-15 00:00:15
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://main.hocoschools.org/news-posts/2014/05/210/
published: true
press-release-number:
  - 2013-210
wpzoom_post_template:
  - ""
wpzoom_featured_show:
  - "Don't Show"
wpzoom_gallery_show:
  - ""
wpzoom_is_featured:
  - ""
---
The Howard County Public School System today unveiled a new Elementary School Model initiative that it says will inspire and engage students, and nurture the intellectual, social, emotional and physical development of the whole child. The project was discussed at a press conference held at Running Brook Elementary School that was attended by Howard County Executive Ken Ulman and Howard County Council Chair Calvin Ball, among others.

“Today marks the dawn of a new era in elementary education for Howard County public school students,” HCPSS Superintendent Renee Foose said. “This model represents an entirely new philosophy for what education should look like. With it, we will shift from the deficit focused approach that has long dominated American education, toward an asset-based model that opens opportunities for all.”

The model includes full day Pre-K for eligible students, world language instruction, departmentalization, strengths development, and enhanced wellness services. The model incorporates some of the programming launched at Ducketts Lane Elementary School this year and will be brought to five new schools for the 2014-15 school year: Bryant Woods, Phelps Luck, Running Brook, Stevens Forest, and Talbott Springs.

“I am pleased that we are able to fully fund the Howard County Public School System budget for the coming school year, which means the resources needed to launch the Model Elementary School initiative,” Ulman said. “We need to constantly move forward to maintain our best-in-the-nation schools, and this program helps us do that. I am particularly excited about the universal pre-K component, which will help all our children enter school ready to learn and will help make sure all our children are achieving at the highest level possible.”

“Howard County schools and students are among our county’s most precious treasures,” said Ball. “The Elementary School Model is a bold and innovative approach that promises to give our youngest learners the strongest possible start. I look forward to watching our schools transform into truly exciting environments for all children to learn and grow.”

More information about the Elementary School Model can be found online at <a href="http://www.hcpss.org/academics/elementary-model/">http://www.hcpss.org/academics/elementary-model</a>.